S.B Ballard in Minecraft! Made by me:) YT is Warrior34k

Oh man, if you had the data pack for armor stands, you could totally add the marching band and the like! Nice work.

This is fucking cool nicely done

Will this evolve into a full ODU campus map? I would love to play on that and re-live my college days

This is incredible!! Great work!

Thanks everyone!!

spectacular

Shit looks fire

Dude this is so cool! Incredible work. Would love to be able to play on this world

This is amazing!😭❤️

Dude this rocks it looks so cool

this is fire

This is built on console so unfortunately not with this exact build. I’ve moved to Java now though so yeah it’s definitely possible! If you know of people who could run a server or are interested in a project like that we could set something up!

Northern Lights at odu right now

At this time of year?

Is this common in this time of the year

It is not Northern lights

This is the first time i’ve ever seen them

Absolutely not haha it's a pretty uncommon solar storm. Been in VA 31 years and this year is the first time I've seen it happen!

Not common for our area at all. The sun recently had two coronal mass elections (aka. solar storms), and they're just reaching us. These second of the two happened to be more powerful than the first. The CME is moving at a speed estimate of 1200-1300 Km/S and reached Earth roughly mid-day today (Source: NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center). [SOURCE: NOAA SWPC Oct 10-11 Link](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/g4-severe-storm-watch-10-11-october)

Nope, I saw them up here in Manassas, well I should say my phone saw them. You can only see them through long exposure photos.

That is NOT common

Isn’t this literally the worst time to be in Tampa?

You should play the lotto

When I was attending community college a few years ago our calculus professor sent the entire class a shirtless selfie of him in the bathroom at the end of the semester. It appeared he took it while sitting on the toilet. He teaches at ODU as well.

I feel I’ve missed something

Gorgeous #OD4L

i was just thinkin that

WEAKKKK ASAB😭😭😭😭

They clearly told him to post something with no instructions beyond that

Bruh. Looks like he's gonna shove a corpse in the McDonald's bathroom.

This is great

This is the advisor for all history majors

Lol I thought he was just a random

PETITION TO REMOVE GLENN YOUNGKIN AS SPEAKER FOR ODU 2023 GRADUATION

The rock at the school was painted with this link: https://youngkoff.carrd.co/

Ngl, I kinda hope he shows up and gets booed offstage

What is he thinking? My guess is less than 20% of the parents in that room voted for him. 🫣

Remember when he worked in the Private sector and almost got BAE's ship yard closed down?

Why wait until ~2 weeks before the graduation to make a petition?

Why are we trying to remove him, because we disagree with him? Do we realize how absurd that is? (I don't agree with his politics)

What a bunch of crybabies. I don’t even remember who spoke when I graduated. Take your degree and move on with your life.

Sweet sweet liberal tears. Oh boo hoo. Cry liberal cry.

Hey, great job guys. You can’t even get 1000 RANDOM people off the internet to signup. Nice work.

Because of the large out of state population I’d assume

From what i understand based on the petition, many are unhappy with his position on transgender rights, critical race theory, and other non-progressive stances. In a school with plenty of black students, a speaker who opposes the teaching of critical race theory is a terrible look.

He’s shown next to zero interest in doing anything related to Virginia and is using the office as a hub from which to continually jet set around the country campaigning for bigger office. He seems happy to just use taxpayers’ $ to photo op and parrot right wing agenda talking points to pad his political resume. Surprised he can find Richmond on a map.

He has an R next to his name

He has been successful outside of government.

Leftists and Nazis hate him.

He believes in facts and science.

I don't think it was announced until now

It wasn’t announced until this morning. And not even on any of the socials just this one obscure article. They’re trying to keep quiet about it it seems. https://www.odu.edu/article/governor-glenn-youngkin-and-professor-and-eminent-scholar-nina-brown-edd-to-serve-as-may

For a University that portrays "equality" and "inclusivity" among all its students, having the governor as a speaker really contradicts what the college "values". I don't care about what political party anyone belongs to but if you're actively trying to implement policies that hurt individuals lives then you don't deserve to even show your face to a group of people you don't even care about. Edit: Spelled a word wrong

That is exactly why.

I never heard such whiny, cry-baby morons than when the orange buffoon lost the election. Y’all sucked so much Cheeto cock that you cried when he couldn’t whip it out for you anymore.

Haha this comment didnt age well

Blue waffle? More like twat waffle.

Just boo him. Or stand up and walk out. Or turn around. Or read a comically large newspaper. Lots of more effective options than whinging online, especially when ODU is a state institution.

It’s a money play he is ensuring us that we get proper funding Hemphill knows what he’s doing

You must've missed the "million" losers in pink hats that cried when he won. Boo hoo.

Did big mean orange man say something that hurt your feelings?

Hahahahahahhhah that was good. Are you 5?

I think the point of the petition is to bring attention. Realistically we know he still is gonna show up. No one knew about it until just recently and the president has told various departments at the school not to speak about it. Now that students are finding out , most are planning what you just suggested.

There are many ways to make change, and one of those ways is through petitions. Not only did I learn something I didn't know about 10 minutes ago, over 1,000 people have signed that they disapprove of this decision. Thats no small beans. That shows the school admins that the students are paying attention and will be vocal about their distaste and disapproval.

You mean a million people who couldn’t believe there were this many idiots in this nation to elect a blatant crook and child perv and still call themselves christian?

No, he’s just a crook, a thief, a liar and a fat slob. But man, you love sucking his schlong don’t you?

I would venture to guess most policy changes hurt (and help) individuals lives. That is true on both sides. I doubt many policies "help everyone." What evidence is there that the governor doesn't care about the students lives? I've had 2 different speakers at commencements. Am I naive enough to believe the speaker cared about me, LOL? You don't have to agree with the commencement speaker. They will come in and make a rah rah speech and leave and you will get your diploma. We don't need any cancelling.

Ahh I love the sound of false accusations in the morning. Math teachers everywhere: Show your work! Speaking of work, isn't your Wendy's shift about to start?

Ngl, thought it was just sarcasm.

Beats whatever your mom was doing last night. There’s pics you fucking idiot.

Come on, mom jokes? Even a single brain cell liberal like yourself can think of something more clever than that. The onus of proof is on the individual that brings the claim. You still haven't provided any proof. Here, let me help you. This is what Google shows when you search child predator President. Spoiler, it's not Trump! https://www.thetimes.co.uk/imageserver/image/%2Fmethode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Fb2467970-5578-11e9-a8f5-a9ee11ff7e6d.png?crop=1500%2C1200%2C0%2C0&resize=412

Says the result of incest and their Wendy’s joke

Where's the refund :(

Bruh, I needed this laugh 😂

I love this. Thank you 🤣

I left them a message about something on a Tuesday and they called me back on Saturday like wtf?

Weird thing friend found. I don’t go here, but my friend does. He has been exploring and walking around as of recent and went to Lambert park. As he was walking he found a gate. The gate had banjo (or guitar) music coming from it. He described it as “theme music” for the area (LOL). He found these stickers and a sign in the area. Would love getting help figuring out what ANY of this means. When I look up follow the white rabbit Norfolk, Virginia or music, nothing shows up. Thanks all!

Wake up Neo…. follow the white rabbit.

Unrelated but I’m a student here at ODU & I worked the last shift at Lambert’s Point before the golf course shut down. Saw so many stray dogs & cats roaming around under that bridge along the river. I’d sneak bags of chips from the club house & on my closing shifts I’d leave them over night for the puppies. Really hope they redevelop the area.

Geo hunt (or whatever it’s called)

Hi, this is mine, ill gladly clarify, this is a reference to the movie "fear and loathing in las vegas" Where the infamous song "white rabbit" by Jefferson airplane plays. It's a tribute to psychedelics and the movie. and the pixel rabbit head is my character I keep consistent thru all my stickers. Thanks for noticing my graffiti work :) I'm all thru the 757 area, look for my rabbit!

The old golf course, and before that the old incinerator plant.

I've seen that sticker everywhere in Norfolk

Lambert point public open space* Sorry.

I drove a min van across that back in 2010. My friends and I used to carry a fire pit out there and have bonfires in the sand trap. Then as we got further into adventuring we starting doing doughnuts in our trucks on the green. We absolute wreaked havoc on that place. At one point we had a fire works fight there on Fourth of July and ended up blowing up a water cooler with a mortar and also through a bunch off that bridge into the water.

I drove a min van across that back in 2010. My friends and I used to carry a fire pit out there and have bonfires in the sand trap. Then as we got further into adventuring we starting doing doughnuts in our trucks on the green. We absolute wreaked havoc on that place. At one point we had a fire works fight there on Fourth of July and ended up blowing up a water cooler with a mortar and also through a bunch off that bridge into the water.

Bray Wyatt???

Why don’t you dig where the sign is that says there’s a key

Yeah that's mine. I routinely do this kind of stuff

Matrix is a good movie

didn't see anything close to it on the geocaching map but that would have been a cool one it seems

You’re the second person to say this.. your account is also deleted

Hmmm graffiti? Hmmmm

You can call it a park. That’s what it should be.

Why ya wanna know 👀😭

Would if I could

That sounds about right, with seeing your name

What about him

Unfortunately I don’t live in Virginia, my friend found this and hasn’t visited recently

Is this true?

Thanks, I once found some random stuff in a container and thought it was a dealers drop spot

Sometimes they are deactivated but never removed

When he made his return to wrestling it was all based around follow the white rabbit

Bro has -100 karma definitely not lol

im not the best with project gc which shows archived caches but i didn't see any caches that might fit which is disappointing. looks like it would be a fun cache

Sometimes if you look at the logbook and then search online for one of the cachers on that date they found it, you can find the name. It might be the end of a puzzle.

I looked for puzzles and a multi cache but again I'm not the best with it

Hang in there

So real for that

Real recognize real

Heads up: ODUGlobal is changing ALL online 16 week classes to 8 week starting fall 2026 The official announcement won't be made until spring 2026 starts, but this information is straight from my advisor. For some reason they think everyone would just love a condensed format for ALL classes?? I would be fine if there was a choice between 16 and 8 week, but forcing 8 week classes on everyone just puts a lot more pressure on people for no reason. Good luck trying to do part time classes at a reasonable pace to juggle work and school. Plus, how is this going to affect veteran's benefits that are paid based on how many classes you're enrolled in per MONTH not per semester? If you're only in two 8 week classes instead of four 16 week for full time, that money from the VA will be cut in half. They're planning on testing some pilot 8 week classes in spring 2026. **If you don't want ODU to implement this idiotic change:** * **Contact ODU and voice your comments about why this is a bad idea and how the change will impact you.** You can contact: * The board of visitors ([mkarlis@odu.edu](mailto:mkarlis@odu.edu)) * President Brian Hemphill ([bhemphill@odu.edu](mailto:bhemphill@odu.edu)) * The student government association ([sga@odu.edu](mailto:sga@odu.edu)) * DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THE 8 WEEK ONLINE SPRING CLASSES. Low enrollment = less money and less incentive for them to move forward with the changes. EDIT: Be sure to email the provost and executive vice president for academic affairs, Brian Payne ([bpayne@odu.edu](mailto:bpayne@odu.edu)) as well and let him know how you feel about this effort to "creat\[e\] opportunities for as many students as possible to discover and develop their unique talents so they can use those talents to make a difference in the world": [https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative](https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative) EDIT 2: **President Hemphill is hosting a virtual open forum for ODUGlobal students on Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EST and Monday, October 20 at 12:00pm EST**. [RSVP here](https://odu.kualibuild.com/app/68b1cf9741b8e4027e56a19f/run) to have your voice be heard on this issue! (A confirmation message will be sent with the Zoom link upon registration)

Sheeeeeshh. I spent one summer taking six courses, all I think were like 7 weeks. (Could be wrong, still highly condensed) that is a VERY intense way to do schoolwork. It doesn’t even compare to the 16 week track, making them condensed is super stressful. Good luck to everyone else I’m graduating lol

I’m an ODU alum, who was applying for my masters online there in 2026. guess i’m not now🫡

omg this freaks me out so bad. school doesn’t come easy to me and i steer clear of short classes like that so i can have a slower pace.

Students, please push back on this!!! A lot of faculty and administrators don’t like this change either. Write to the student govt association, sga@odu.edu, and the board of visitors, mkarlis@odu.edu!

Thank God! I just graduated last spring and did all online classes for 16 weeks. Since 8 weeks is very fast pace, imo, I wouldn't of been able to survive.

So I guess those of us who work full time just don’t matter?

I’m currently a student in the MS in Cybersecurity program, which I believe falls under the ODUGlobal category, and the AI classes seem to be 8 weeks. They also want to charge a full semester’s worth of tuition for it. This is a money grab that George Mason also does, and they’ve probably recognized it. Truth be told, as a former student at Johns Hopkins (when work was paying for it), ODU needs to do a better job with providing quality education. I am very disappointed after coming back.

Is this undergraduate and graduate level courses?

Well im fucked then, I chose ODU cause of ODUGlobal and took 3 classes cause I work 40hrs, and seeing as there arnt many online only programs for bachelor's degrees in Virginia, im just fucked. Im already stressing out over some of my classes and then they say but wait let's make it worst for you. The fuck am I suppose to do here. Not work?

Odu has been making a lot of messed up changes and it’s all thanks to our new Uni president. Please let him know how annoyed and displeased you are and that you will take your money elsewhere

Damn it. I was going to do my masters degree online in fall 2026! This is crazy…

You could mention transferring to another University, which hits them where it hurts.

Took a couple of intensive 6-8 week online courses for my CS degree, was genuinely suicide inducing. While I was working as a teacher. Would not recommend.

Thanks for bringing awareness of this! I did an 8 week online once and it was hell with working full time.

I work full time and I'm a mom of a newborn. I started the MPH program which was already a huge task in and of itself. Going to all 8 week classes would put me in the grave. They are certainly not catering to different demographics.

What is your source for this?

Clearly just a cash grab. More classes a semester equals more money.

I'll make sure I graduate Summer 2026 . Thanks for this information.

Are you sure it’s not that they are revising all to add an 8 week option, but will continue to offer both 16 & 8 week versions?

Personally I used to go to a global university until transferring to ODU on campus. All courses were 8 weeks and while intensive I didn’t notice the difference between that and some online courses here until going in person. I think if this does happen the vast majority of people will be ok. People adapt and tend to be better at it than we give ourselves credit for. I’m curious if this will extend to all online courses though or if this is just unique to the global campus.

Apparently the 8 week classes will at least be asynchronous. Asynchronous is good for those of us who have to schedule class around work, but also surprising because I couldn’t find a single asynchronous class at ODU while getting my Civil Engineering degree. They seemed obsessed with live attendance even online when it made no sense. IDK if asynchronous is good enough to make up for halving the weeks, but it is good.

They claim that they'll be redesigning the courses to "ensure success", but I have no idea how they're going to condense classes like calculus or the senior capstone project. How tf do they expect people to write a whole thesis in 8 weeks while working full time??

Write to them why!!

Please also tell them their “mandatory comprehensive fees” still makes paying for ODU the same, if not more because benefits will not pay that fee out… if you do write to them …. I hope you find an amazing program!

Just called [Mary Jo Karlis](https://www.odu.edu/directory/mary-jo-karlis) to ask how to contact the board, we should be emailing her at [mkarlis@odu.edu](mailto:mkarlis@odu.edu) instead of [boardofvisitors@odu.edu](mailto:boardofvisitors@odu.edu)! I'll make an edit to my post

Can confirm that even professors hate this change. One of mine brought this up a few weeks back, and said how he notices students do worse in the regular shortened (half semester) classes, and he can't even imagine how much of a struggle it'll be for 8 week classes

And tell your friends!

I couldn’t imagine a calculus or some tough class like that in 8 weeks. Impossible

Email those mentioned in OP’s edit!

My advisor made it seem like it was both, though I'd reach out to your advisor to clarify

It is both, the only degree program that is exempt is the PhD program

Yes! Reach out. The administration needs to know that students aren't happy. All online classes have to be asynchronous at the undergraduate and grad levels, too, so if you were looking forward to Zoom discussions in your Masters classes, I'm sorry to tell you that those won't be happening at all.

Complain to ODU!! The more voices and public pressure the more likely they are to reverse this decision

https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative

Positive unfortunately, I asked my advisor if there was any way shape or form I could still take 16 week classes and she said that they will only be offered on campus

All online classes fall under the global campus now. ODU global has taken over everything in that realm

I’m in the comp e program and it’s fairly mostly asynchronous. It would be absolutely insane workload if I was doing work full time while doing circuits or physics in a condensed format. It’s already challenging to balance work and the 16 week format

This reeks of spam

Faculty were also not consulted about this change. We have been ordered to completely upend our online teaching and online programs. Most of us believe this will not benefit student learning and will hurt retention rights. Faculty are fighting back—I hope the students will too!

I’m in calculus right now and would be so screwed if this was an 8 week class. I work full time and usually take 2 classes per semester having 2 modules due a week is nuts.

What is the benefit of this decision on either end? Is the amount the student pays changing? Is the density of the coursework changing? This feels pretty unfair and confusing to be forced to take condensed classes? Especially graduate level where its students likely have full-time jobs?

They still haven’t assigned me one yet 😩😩😩 Omg this would literally ruin my life I’m already ab to crash out midway through the FIRST SEMSTER

Going through the no lecture videos right now, luckily for me I’m in my last year of grad school and graduate in May. The format is horrible and ODU is now not worth the money for asynchronous grad school. It’s a shame.

Thank you so much for finding this!

Not saying otherwise. I spent 8 years on my 4 year degree working full time. It was rough enough as is. Just saying asynchronous is good.

It's not. We're trying to figure out ways to communicate with other students outside the structures of ODU (student email). A major problem is that many students aren't aware of what's going on, and once they are they don't really have avenues for action outside contacting Admin. The faculty have been able to come together because they are using alternative channels, so we're just trying to set that up without implicating any one student as the organizer. Definitely open to suggestions that seem less scammy if you'd like to join us :)

Best news to get on a weekend! :)

congrats !! i just got accepted myself :)

Congratz! Go Big Blue!!!

Congrats! Is this something new ODU is doing? I carried a 4.0 until senior year and never heard of this. I am glad that students are getting rewarded for their efforts and not just throwing money at the athletes. That 6k is huge. Congrats to you!

Congratulations!

Did you apply separately for the scholarship, or was it automatically awarded?

Congrats bro! How’d ya get accepted so early tho? And also if u could help me out that’d be fire, i’m a senior and i’m thinking of applying to odu in a few days but idk if imma get in cuz my gpas a 2.9. wut do u think my chances are? I’m also applying with no sat

Hope you're getting a little more as an out of stater

Hi I will also be applying to ODU in a few weeks. Can you give me some more information on you application? Like what was your coursework like, class rank, gpa (UW/W) and how strong was your list of extracurriculars? Thank you if you can.

congrats !!!

I honestly was not expecting any money from ODU, I figured they gave them all to athletes aswell. I was very surprised when i saw 6K. thank you so much :)))

automatically, i was not expecting it at all

I'd apply during early action for the best chance of getting in.

i applied october 6th and got an answer in less then 2 weeks! they say it’s early action but i think they send decisions on a rolling basis ,but i got in with a 3.2 gpa, no test scores, some extracurriculars and recommendations and managed to get a merit scholarship so i think you will get in with a 2.9 if you have some other activities and good recommendations! you should definitely apply :))!!

hi sure! my gpa is a 3.2 UW/W, my grades are mainly a mix of A’s and B’s. Honor roll junior year, 1 AP which is AP CompSci A. Extracurriculars were JV Track,Culinary Club,Summer Camp counselor, Babysitting, Online shop, Leadership Program, and Animal Shelter community service. My school doesn’t do ranks. For every school I applied to, I made sure to do anything “optional” on the common app to help me which I recommend doing. Compared to many other people I find myself pretty average, I am not the perfect straight A student who has a 4.5 with 10 APs but I was still able to make the best of what I have. Hope this helps and good luck! edit: i also went test optional even tho my ACT was in the range of the schools test score.

I was actually otp with someone from the undergraduate admission council and I was told that there’s a slim chance that I would get rejected! Has me pretty hype rn

I got no sat, no activities, no extracurriculars bro 😭

Thank you for the reply. I was wondering because ODU is my target school, and though my grades aren't much worse than yours, I want to try my best to receive the same merit scholarship that you did. My GPA is 3.1UW / 3.7W (Middle school, + 9th-11th) My coursework is 10 AP's and some Honors. But my grades themselves include mainly B's throughout, & a D+ my Junior year (long story). I have 4 AP's this year though, and have all A's and 1 B+'s on my quarterly grades that are updated on my transcript. Extracurriculars are very good. Good diversity and abundance. (Similar to yours in a sense.) I also have a great essay, and two good recommendation letters. I'm going to apply by Dec 1 for Early Action. Based on what you may have seen from other students, as well as yourself, do you think I have a decent chance for the same scholarshio as you? I am also in state btw.

i would still apply and see what happens, just write a good essay and make sure to have recommendations to help!

I’m not sure how ur school does GPA but normally middle school grades don’t factor into GPA,but might be different for you. You do have a lot of APs which is good. I think you have a good shot with what you said. For the scholarship, I am not sure if since i was out of state it made a big factor with getting the scholarship since out of state tuition is like 45K or so. I was not expecting any money from them cuz i remember reading they normally don’t give huge scholarships. So I am not sure what scholarships they give for in state students. I do not know anyone who has applied to ODU so I am not sure the average amount students get tbh. Good luck!

Alright bro! I’m planning on applying in a few days but is it true that if I don’t get accepted I can resend an application later throughout the year? Like if I don’t get accepted im planning on repeatedly taking the sat until I get a good score then send it in, i’m also planning to bring my grade up to a 3.0 of course

Assuming you apply early, I believe admission decisions and scholarships are reconsidered each time there is an update to transcripts or test scores for freshman and transfer students. Best of luck!

yea i’m pretty sure you can send in test scores later but i would contact an admissions counselor to make sure! also maybe if ur first quarter grades r good so far , ask them to be sent in with ur transcript

Hampton Roads internships be like

This seems pretty accurate. By the way there’s an internship opening for civil engineers at NAVFAC if anyone’s interested.

What about cybersecurity majors? Are these common internship choices?

Maybe so, but you have to be around some of the most abhorrent people in the area and it's very tough to do anything in this area that doesn't contribute to "defense." It's why I ended up leaving the area.

No definitely not. They might hire them occasionally but they are more likely to recruit someone coming out the military with that prior experience.

Who does cybersecurity most often intern for? Or it is totally random?

I found this old commemorative fridge magnet ODU’s monorail project

Oh how cool it would be to get from the quad to Canes in 4 minutes

The MonoFail?

They need to just turn it into a walkway so we can just walk over hampton blvd

You mean the university umbrella?

So THATS what the big rail is for?!?!?

Lol big oof

I would take this off your hands in a heartbeat, I love the nonfunctional monorail 🚝

Have you tried a lime? On my speed unlocked one I could get from Rogers to whitehurst in 3min flat.

The Million Dollar Umbrella!

Would be very nice, "walk sign is on TIKTIKTIKTIKTIK" haunts my dreams

Last year I know there was an idea floated to actually put awnings on it to turn it into an actual umbrella

Last year I know there was an idea floated to actually put awnings on it to turn it into an actual umbrella

Sorry but it’s not mine to give away. I saw it in a staff break room in one of offices on campus.

How expensive does that get? When I looked at them before the $ per min was fairly high iirc.

and the ominous countdown

Is this you?

This is me! Better late than never!

This is in fact me.

Yep. Us older folks just realized the value of an education because many of us have been out there working and realized what’s out there better than the Younger crowd does. Nothing wrong with being a late college graduate.

Turned 30 in college but yeah lol, that's me. Felt weird taking classes with teenagers at times, but there were also people in a lot of my 3/400 classes that were much older than me

I've been going to ODU since 2009, I feel Thanos snapped to be more accurate.

I'm about to be both people in this pic xD For context, I'm an ODU alum (Comm/CinemaTV '21) and am more likely than not going back for Civil Engineering in about 2-3 years. I'll probably be 33 when I graduate again o\_o

The worst is having all those children as your lab partners.

Try being a math grad. I was youngest in most of my upper level classes at 24. Oldest I ran into was 84 yo.

Lol ive been thinking about transferring to odu at 28, its weird to think id be in the same class as other students that just graduated highschool 3 months earlier and i should be well into a career at this point

I don't need to be called out like this.

I have an AS and had a career making 70k, which is nothing much tbh. I went back to school in 2024 and will graduate Spring 26 with a degree in Cyber Risk Management and Cybercrime. 🎓 In February I’ll be 38.

No I’m a dude.

Yes. Nothing made me feel as old as going to the VT game this year. When I went DC United games when they had bleachers if I stood on a bleacher I could see everything and (at least in my head) looked super cool. At ODU standing on the bleacher was table stakes. I am 31.

32 and 155 credits I have 16 to graduate with a degree. I’ve quit so many times but I told my parents I would finish and I told myself next fall is when!! It’s taking forever haha

You've been here just about as long as the marching band has existed, lmao.

Do your older classes still count? Isnt there a limit to how far back you can apply your classes to a program?

That's wild. What do you do now?

College/life is a journey, not a marathon. Went back at 28 and so far I’ve gotten the best grades of my college career. Sometimes it takes going a different route to take things seriously

Honestly, some of the greatest friends I have I met when they were 33-35 and I was about 20. In the grand scheme, age really doesn't matter.

Fuck yea dude! It's a great feeling, no regrets. I'd go back for my masters of money weren't an issue.

Why u in the BU subreddit telling people they wont have time to get laid or party if they study STEM lol... [https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/18jyllq/comment/ktegie3/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web3x&utm\_name=web3xcss&utm\_term=1&utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/18jyllq/comment/ktegie3/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

Funnily enough, I also have been here since 2009 (left and came back) and I was part of the marching band back then. Good times Edit: https://youtube.com/@mmbdir?si=wwXpDMHop7gI9NlP If you want to watch some of our old performances

To clarify, I started my masters in 2013, and I am currently working on finishing my doctorate. There is a time limit on classes but irrelevant in my particular situation lolol

That's pretty cool! The program is still kicking very well. I wouldn't trade the season we just had for the world.

That's awesome!

Uh you're responding to the wrong person lol, that wasn't me.

Yeah I heard it got a new band director and whatnot. I'd be curious to see when they replace the uniforms, they've been using the same ones since I went 😂. (Yes they get cleaned but still!)

Lol whoops ur right, My b

We're actually getting new uniforms next season haha. Finally, right??

Hahaha, nice! I'll try to keep an eye on them, hopefully they are stylish (I always had mixed feelings about the uniform )

Taylor Heincke, A Legend Taylor Heinicke, a ODU legend, just balled out against Tom Brady in the playoffs. The team lost but he was awesome. Props to him, I'll forever be a fan and of ODU!

ODU FOREVER! 🦁

I used to wear a "Heineke for Heisman" shirt to the games when he was there. Dudes a beast!

Stay Safe / Indoors Tonight. It’s Nice Out Again, Which Means “Friendly Folk” Are Out Don’t get caught up because you thought you had the freedom/safety to enjoy night life in your city/ around campus. 💙

Yeah I JUST got a message about there being a shooting - you aren't wrong ;;

Dr. Hemphill can offer all the therapy in the world, but it can’t fix Norfolk. I will say this; This is the first incident this semester and February’s almost over, so statistically, we’re.. doing better? Idk. Condolences to the victims, whom I understand are in critical condition. I hope they pull through. This was.. some sort of domestic dispute? Very generally speaking. Idk details to a t. I just get ambiguous emails from authoritative figures and am left to my own devices. Stay safe and vigilant, all.

We really shooting up the dining hall now. Stay safe y’all

So scary. Two dead and shooter is still on the loose. It happened right by the dining hall.

Stay safe y'all

jfc )): please stay safe you guys..this is so scary

Everyday I'm grateful I dropped out, ODU really needs to move their campus out of the ghetto

Oh shit two dead? I just heard two got hit, not that they were dead

If it’s any consolation, it is believed the shooting was targeted for this specific woman and the man stepped in to try to help but got shot as well. I know it’s still scary. My boyfriend is in the dorms just a few minutes away and I can’t help but worry about him.

Let me rephrase I have new information sorry. My friend said he saw two people laying there and read one was shot in the head (woman) and the other in cardiac arrest (male). If no one gave him cpr within ten minutes he’s definitely gone. I doubt anyone stayed around for that.

i feel guilty admitting this-i’m safe 4 hours away in radford, but i have a close friend who goes to ODU and i’m from the norfolk area as well. i’m so sorry you and everyone else has to go through this, especially so late at night with little to no answers. ): those poor two people…it’s heartbreaking.

Hope that you've heard from your boyfriend and that he's okay. My wife's sister attends ODU. She's likely asleep so we haven't heard from her yet, I realize the chances are low but still a bit nerve wracking. My thoughts to anyone else affected or uneasy tonight.

Holy shit, I hope by some miracle they both end up okay (even if it's unlikely...)

Worth mentioning that both victims aren't students or odu affiliated if it helps ♡

Yes he’s okay thankfully, I definitely started crying. Definitely nerve wracking, I hope she contacts y’all asap.

I just read a news article that they are alive but both have life threatening injuries in the hospital. Sorry for the misinformation, was going by what my friend had thought.

Two males died

18-year-old Delanio M. Vick and 20-year-old Timothy G. Williams

OHHHH my bad they must have named her a guy's name. Dumb.

No i realized I'm wrong my bad lol

Online education is overpriced and underwhelming I’m a junior engineering tech major and just found out I’ll only have the option to take two classes in person until I graduate. My senior design class won’t even be in person. We pay an insane amount for each credit already but my greatest concern is that the online classes I’ve been shoved into so far have been prerecorded videos so we can’t ask questions in class and professors who use automatic grading and don’t provide solutions to homework or quizzes even after you email them asking for guidance. I live in person classes. It allows me to make connections and feel involved in my career choice but now I wonder if my classes are entirely online why should I continue attending odu and not a different university. Is anyone else upset about this or am I overreacting?

Have you discussed this with your advisor? Mind if I ask which discipline you're in? I went thru the MET program myself and had similar experiences as far alot of remote classes. I had a discussion with my advisor about it and ended up dropping my concentration so I could get in person classes and graduate sooner.

I agree. I think online education is a great thing to have for the flexibility it offers those who need it, but those who want an in person education should not be forced to settle for substandard online content.

I transferred to ODU from Regent University because of this very reason. I never felt I was learning what I needed to; at least not at depth. ODU offered my degree in person and I don't regret it at all. If there is a school that has your preferred learning style then go to it. It's your education and your debt do what is best for you. I'm not sure how the online programs work, or if you're saying you're in an online program, but maybe you could transfer programs to be in person?

How about transfer out

I think it is totally fair to feel like you are getting the short end of the stick when you had thought your college experience would look differently. That said, through your whole life there will be systems and people who cause barriers to your progress and you are going to have to be proactive in your problem solving to find solutions that work for you. Yes, that might look like finding a program at another school that fits you better. It might look like taking any remaining gen-eds and electives at the local community college so you can be in person and get them for cheaper. It might be taking the initiative to create an in person study group for those classes. Or throwing yourself into one or more of the [Engineering Student Organizations](https://www.odu.edu/engineering/student-organizations) so you still feel connected and actively networking. I hope you take the frustration you feel about this and turn it into a positive experience. I've seen too many students just throw their hands up and let these sorts of issues make them miserable. I'm sorry your class experience isn't up to your initial expectations. Good luck with navigating this.

I think it is totally fair to feel like you are getting the short end of the stick when you had thought your college experience would look differently. That said, through your whole life there will be systems and people who cause barriers to your progress and you are going to have to be proactive in your problem solving to find solutions that work for you. Yes, that might look like finding a program at another school that fits you better. It might look like taking any remaining gen-eds and electives at the local community college so you can be in person and get them for cheaper. It might be taking the initiative to create an in person study group for those classes. Or throwing yourself into one or more of the [Engineering Student Organizations](https://www.odu.edu/engineering/student-organizations) so you still feel connected and actively networking. I hope you take the frustration you feel about this and turn it into a positive experience. I've seen too many students just throw their hands up and let these sorts of issues make them miserable. I'm sorry your class experience isn't up to your initial expectations. Good luck with navigating this.

Yeah I’m in CET I decided not to do a concentration but I’m keeping my minor so I can have a baseline to study for the FE. About half of my credits left are major requirements and the other half are minor requirements.

It's great for continuing your ODU degrees from another state when you discover you need two more years to get into a particular medical field on the west coast That said, it still feels shitty.

lol right mine are 600

Yeah I live ten minutes from the place but with a full time job and being a dad it’s nice to just join class via video call at the end of the day

Out of state pays $1000 a credit I could never https://ww1.odu.edu/tuition-aid/tuition/rates

Lol you could on west coast salaries like me

Walked by a protest of that professor with the MAP comments.

I feel that this went so much worse for the professor because of the term MAP. Like even if they were dead set on using a trendy term, why not use NOMAP (non offending minor attracted person)? At the end of the day, if people want help, they should be able to get help.

https://youtu.be/o25I2fzFGoY a relevant argument on "soft language"

I really gotta get into this schools community better. I actually saw this, no idea what is was about, and continued walking. The only place I talk to other students outside class is my roommates and this subreddit.

What’s worse is the types of organizations trying to piggy back off this like turning point USA

Sad to see someone presents a possible plan to work towards a solution to pedophilia and people go after his living for it. It's actually pretty disgusting that these people are attacking someone looking for a solution.

Cause those terms imply a choice of sexuality rather than someone who needs help.

It was bad because the organization the professor did the interview was founded and includes several convicted predators that openly speak about legalizing and normalizing certain forms of abuse and activities that have been proven to cause recidivism in offenders. It was poor judgement and the wrong forum for an "academic" argument about getting these people into programs before offending.

This entire thing reminded me of this

I knew what this was before I even clicked the link. Love me some Carlin :,)

Nah you can't make this a right versus left issue. Pedophiles suck ass and making light of it pisses a lot of people off regardless of political stance.

The professor is using the same term as the crazy ancap creeps who want to make pedophilia legal so that's not a great look.

You're fucking delusional.

What the fuck kind of crack are you smoking?

It’s not a solution because calling them a different name won’t solve anything. And the argument they were making was less of “therapy should be more readily available to these people to hopefully prevent any incidents before they can happen” than it was “the term pedophilia is stigmatized, so let’s change the name so it means kinda the same thing but not really”, because semantics are what /really/ matter when it comes to pedophilia and CSA /s

Since when is anyone's sexual attraction a choice? What the heck. Did I choose to be a gay man? When? Prove it.

Could you elaborate further on your first sentence and provide some further reading or information to back that up?

As an advocate for primary prevention, I have spoken with dozens of pedophiles, most of whom do not want to harm kids and some of which are teenagers just looking for the proper supports. One was a high school student, outed by a therapist to the entire school. If we want them to get support instead of harm kids, why hate them?

But that wasn't his argument? Don't you think the points made and argument presented should be most important?

How am I delusional for seeing someone has a possible solution? If these people are protesting him what are they protesting for? Are they saying we should say "screw it"? I think saying "screw it" to attempting at developing a solution to reducing one of the most horrifying crimes is delusional. https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

I spoke about it over here https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

Actually yes the word does matter. I spoke about it in this other post. https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

Sure. If you follow the provided links or search the names yourself from the item by item review, it's all open source and readily confirmable. https://www.prostasia.info/

I can agree with this, but I also wouldn’t call it something “wrong.” Afaik there is no “right” to sexual preference. It’s all natural. There is however what is acceptable to society. Learning and building from how the LGBTQ community was treated, such people shouldn’t be put down, but helped to better conform to societal norms for the safety of them and minors. If someone feels like that, the implications should still be just as bad as they are, but help should be more available and when seeking help they shouldn’t be put down for something out of their control that they are trying to get help for.

Thanks for the reply, I'll have to check out that link. Admittedly I didn't have all the information before I made my comment.

ShoeOnHead did a pretty comprehensive video on the topic. Also what is particularly... gross, is that the address for Prostasia happens to be a building right in front of an elementary school.

It's hot button and everyone is entitled to be upset, particularly with how it has been framed and presented to us.

She did a video where she incited violence against a group of people and misled people on purpose, just as you are now doing. The entire dismissive reaction to the topic of prevention of sexual harms is frankly disgusting.

Somehow, that doesn't surprise me. These orgs are a lot of the reason non-offenders have nowhere to turn when seeking support. Stunts like setting up shop outside a school while fighting to strike down Megan's Law... That's not trying to destigmatize getting help. That's ... just wow.

It has been presented as an issue you should be mad about, rather than an issue we need to think logically about. What happens when we demonize people as the culprit of a wide variety of social ills, and pretend people can never change, using their pasts forever against them? What happens when we lump those with a history with those with no such history, 14 years old and discovering in horror that they like children? Will they seek out support?

Uhhhhhh, I am for the discussion that the professor is outlining and against her firing, why are you finger ☝️ at me saying I'm against it?

2024 undergraduate cermony in a nutshell

I froze my butt off but waited for them to finish reading names. Next year they're going to find some way to force everyone to stay lol

I sat through everyone's name, but they couldn't be bothered to do the same for me 🥲

Dang and people out here asking for tickets

It was too damn cold out there for me to sit around 😂

Shi was ridiculous, it wasn’t even a long ceremony

I graduated at the Ted 🙏

This happened at last year’s graduation too. It was really hot that day. And while it’s cool to see everyone who is graduating it is just too dang long.

I stayed too and it was nice to hear the alma mater at the end, tbh I think they should just find a way to do separate ceremonies or at least do half of the colleges in the morning and the other half in the evening

I doubt it. By the time I got up there the president was visually tired of it and also wanted to go as fast as possible

They want the tickets for their fam so they can leave ten minutes later

ngl 4+ hours is long, i was one of the last few to walk anddd the seating was so unorganized, my entire family had to stand the entire time including my grandma who uses a cane to walk

That's how it used to be

They could always just go back to the smaller ceremonies 🧍🏼‍♀️

Yeah it’s crazy to me, I did my undergrad at VMI so you know our asses were there the whole time, all four years too….

Stand Up and Turn Around during Youngkin’s speech

Perfect, I'm still floored he's even speaking. He makes our state look like a joke every time he opens his mouth.

I don’t get being upset about this. Doesn’t the school have a tradition of having the Governor speak at graduation? It’s no different than ever before. I get that he has said and some questionable things, and failed to even try to bring about some much needed societal changes. However, he is the governor and it’s really no different than any of the other morally questionable Va governors that have given Commencement speeches over the years.

I'm proud to have participated in this protest.

All the people posting this stuff arent even graduating. Get over it, imagine being so pressed about the university continuing the same tradition it has for multiple decades because you dont like the speaker.

Can't wait to hear him speak. I voted for him just like the majority of Virginians did. Perhaps OP would be best sitting this one out and finding a safe space to melt.

Great way to get alumni to donate money! /s

DO NOT GET A CS DEGREE FROM ODU. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND MAKE YOU TEACH YOURSELF. YOU BETTER GOING TO A CODING BOOT CAMP

What actually “policies” affect you?!?

Wow you guys are soooo cool

Damn, you graduated college without ever growing up. Impressive!

Thirty people

Why is it shocking that he is speaking. He is the state governor and this is a state school. I feel like this is something we should have seen coming

Easy to say that when his policies don’t effect you

College students DEFINITELY shouldn't exercise their right to peaceful protest to stand up for what they believe in, you're SO right. heavy sarcasm, proud graduate that participated in the protest here.

The majority of Virginians did not vote at all in 2021 - less than 20% of Virginians voted for Youngkin. So you’re not respecting an American’s right to protest or their fair representation.

IDK peaceful protesting for what you believe in seems pretty grown up to me.

Of course they should exercise their right to protest, the first amendment is important. But my claim was proven when i said most students don't agree. During the ceremony there was very few people that participated in the "protests" more power to those that did.

And your hiding behind semantics

No, you're "protesting" because a democratic election where a majority won didn't go your way. That's not grown up, that's being a little bitch. Get over it and hope it swings in the next election.

You were implying the protests weren't legitimate because the people posting this stuff aren't even graduating and belittling those that did by telling them to get over it. I appreciate the tone shift in the reply, but if you're gonna respect people exercising their first amendment rights, be consistent with it.

i’ll put it in simpler terms for you: in a country with abysmally low voter turnout, you are in opposition to America’s core values if you can’t even handle a couple of silent protestors. Perhaps it is you who needs a safe space if you can’t handle peaceful, silent protest. And perhaps you also live in an echo chamber if you believe that a majority of Virginians agree with you and any disagreement is a meltdown.

Goooo Monarchs!! Way to beat VA Tech :)))

Y'all go over and look at r/virginiatech lol they hurtin

next is jmu💙🤍

Losing to us is genuinely embarrassing, get fucked chokies

We da best.

Nah I think we have a pretty good team this year! I'm kind of excited to see where they are gonna go!

245 total offense, 3/16 on third down? Thats no bien amigo. Defense made it happen last night.

Yeah listened to some VT podcasts on the lead up to the game and it was as if ODU wasn’t good enough of a team to make this game competitive. Which obviously wasn’t true, just blowing smoke up there fans asses

Artist threading Filipino culture and local history into a mural near ODU Filipino muralist Venazir Martinez is painting a new mural near Old Dominion University’s Chartway Arena, blending Norfolk history with Filipino heritage through her signature “red thread” — a scarlet line that links all her murals worldwide. The project is funded by a Filipino American endowment established 27 years ago, reviving cultural programming at ODU. The mural will be completed before Martinez’s public lecture Thursday at the Baron & Ellin Gordon Art Galleries. Read more here: [https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2025-10-28/artist-threading-filipino-culture-and-local-history-ulture-into-a-mural-near-odu](https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2025-10-28/artist-threading-filipino-culture-and-local-history-ulture-into-a-mural-near-odu)

That sounds like a powerful and beautiful exhibit

Saw her getting started! Can’t wait to see the final design.

People with Guns on Campus (wtf) So this is probably the third instance this semester I’ve gotten an email for about generally dangerous as fuck activity on campus. Been a Monarch for two years now, I think the minimum of alerts per semester is at least 3. Stay safe out there, people. I would hate to wake up to the news that someone’s pride cost them their lives. It’s like refunds hit and people get hunted for the next month. Norfolk fucking sucks.

Yeah I'm not living on campus this semester and even I got anxious after getting the alert ;; Hopefully this bs dies down soon

That ODU Global hitting right now *Hides under bed and logs into account*

President Hemphill needs to do something. We need keypad access to the buildings or something like why is it so open ughhhh

there’s never been close to enough security on campus. it’s been really chill since i was a freshman but now that’s there’s hella people on campus they really need to tighten up security measures, especially within the dorms. this is not only concerning, but a really bad look on odu the fact that this has happened multiple times and it’s only the third week of classes.

You all deserve better. A lot better. What is the administration doing about it? Do you think students are dropping out because of this?

Right it's crazy never had so much alerts within a month let alone first month. First 2 dorm robberies then someone with a gun in Webb is crazy. I need people to chill out I gotta stay late on campus sometimes.

This stuff started real hard last semester towards the end. There was a sexual assault in the parking garage, this summer 3 people went into a dorm and did the same thing those guys did the other day. We are supposed to have like 3 police stations on campus. I've seen 1 cop this week. That's it.

You are your own protection and rescuer. Police and Fire only respond to an incident occurring or after it has already happened unfortunately. That said, more active policing would hopefully have an effect on the current situation.

Love propaganda being shoved in my feed for no reason

I’m close, like walking distance <15mins, already had my car broken into in the last couple months as well but that’s just Norfolk charm I guess. Stay safe!

Thank goodness I’m taking my classes online

Wait so the doors into the building aren’t locked?!?

Fun fact about keypads/cards; no one is responsible enough to use them. I DoorDash. Ireland loves to just whoever the fuck in and the student housing on I think 39th/40th is a JOKE. At least a few doors always open down the halls.

Hopefully it doesn’t get to the point where someone gets seriously hurt before real action is taken. I know/at least would assume security and local pd do what they can, but that follow-up email this morning just didn’t hit right.

Definitely not. This kind of behavior has been happening for YEARS

Exactly what I mean, a lot of people still take night classes. Stay safe out there.

Do you go to ODU? There's been 2 armed robberies IN DORMS on campus not even the Gresham dorms but the quad which is crazy because that's like in-in campus and just last night a guy with a gun in the web center. It's not even propaganda the whole campus is talking about it so if you're not a student than scroll and if you are be careful

That's a fact .. I'm bout to start a private security company and start renting out my team to students on campus My business motto: "If the bullets fly, you won't die .. or your money back!"

the ones in owen are im not sure about the others

I used to doordash around campus and OMG it was a pain. They better be lucky I went to school there and knew the building names

Local PD has NO duty to protect you. None. Years of Supreme Court and lower court precedent backing it. They will not be there to help. They show up afterwards to fill out paperwork.

I am so sorry.

Thank you, you too cause all this has me scared.

I don't so there's literally no reason this should be being shown to me, I only look at like aircraft and fantasy stuff on here. I've never been recommended anything else based on location maybe they changed their recommendation algorithm? Just election time things I suppose. Sorry that my response was rude, have a good night and stay safe.

Many of the arts buildings automatically lock after a certain time I think like 8pm or 9pm

I appreciate your last sentence I hope you are also staying safe election time does bring crazy out of people no matter where you are in the states

I feel gross for being a part of the algorithm problem with possible “hot words” that could make this appear in other feeds, I hate that. My apologies.

Yeah that's not your fault don't apologize.

1st female Blue Angels jet pilot pick is ODU grad based at Oceana

If you go to the top floors of the library just to talk in groups you’re a horrible person. As an individual with adhd, I literally have to get away from distractions to be productive. I do my work on the third and fourth floors of the library as they are the only escape from distractions. There literally are floors of the library where you can talk. I genuinely don’t get it? What’s the point of meeting on the floor where everyone else is quiet just to talk? Are people just that inconsiderate and self entitled?

Yo that’s what I do (study up there not be in loud groups) in my experience the 3rd floor is so much quieter than the 4th floor

Report them to staff, 3rd and 4th floors are supposed to be even quieter than the first and second.

If you are comfortable doing so, definitely let a staff member know if people are talking on the 4th floor; it is a designated quiet area. You can send a chat from the Library's home page, or you can go to the stairwell and call the Help Desk at 757-683-4178. They do get very busy down at the desk, but they can usually send a security guard up there. Also, staff on the 4th floor typically will tell people that you need to be quiet.

I haven't seen a quiet library in ages. I tried using the satellite student center to study but that was a shit show. I tried the (city) library near my house and it was louder than a social hall. It's too distracting at home. I have resorted to driving weird desolate places to get quiet time in my car. I'm sure I'll get popped by serial killer for the effort.

Spotted this plate at a rest stop on I-95 in VA. Stay Dirty Ol Dirty.

That's awesome!

Love it! Ol'e D...........

Vab 2nd floor

Did they bring the trashcans back?

https://share.google/7cxppYrgSEyzTzp0c

Upset about the 8 week change to ODUGlobal online classes? Join the virtual open forum with the president and push back on this decision! See my previous post for additional context: [Heads up: ODUGlobal is changing ALL online 16 week classes to 8 week starting fall 2026](https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/1nv6bgx/heads_up_oduglobal_is_changing_all_online_16_week/) President Hemphill is hosting a virtual open forum for ODUGlobal students on **Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EST** and **Monday, October 20 at 12:00pm EST**. [RSVP here](https://odu.kualibuild.com/app/68b1cf9741b8e4027e56a19f/run) to have your voice be heard on this issue! (A confirmation message will be sent with the Zoom link upon registration)

I rsvp’d. I’m pretty upset by this.

There are also in-person forums on Monday at 12:30 and 4pm in the Student Senate Chambers in Webb, for campus students.

The replies I got to my emails were basically 'blah-blah-blah' type of noncommittal. Only one stated that it is online only going to the 8 week structure, with on campus remaining as a 16 week. Edit: Every email reply has been a copy-pasted pre-written message.

View in your timezone: [Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EDT][0] [0]: https://timee.io/20251006T2130?tl=Upset%20about%20the%208%20week%20change%20to%20ODUGlobal%20online%20classes%3F%20Join%20the%20virtual%20open%20forum%20with%20the%20president%20and%20push%20back%20on%20this%20decision! ^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)

rsvp'd, this is about the stupidest decision they are making

This is especially true when you have the back to back classes

Have no affiliation with the university, but this is my favorite sweatshirt Michigan resident and Michigan State fan here, but I whenever I travel I like to buy merch from other University bookstores if I happen to be close enough to make the trip. I bought this two years ago when I drove to Hampton for a concert, and it is definitely my favorite sweatshirt. I wear it at least once or twice a week in the cold months (which, up here in Michigan, is about half the year lol). This sweatshirt has started many conversations, most of which involving someone who has a family member who is an alumnus or current student, and then the ensuing confusion after I tell them that I didn't go to school there. Anyway, just wanted to say that I have a soft spot for y'all and always root for the Monarchs when I can, especially against Liberty... FUCK those guys! (also, if y'all could go ahead and beat James Madison this year, our basketball team would greatly appreciate it...)

this is awesome hahahahah

Yes! I have the same sweatshirt, it’s very comfy. Appreciate the love from Michigan.

“Why You Never Rode America's First Maglev” a video about ODU’s defunct Maglev

I’ve been wanting to know more about this, thanks!

Never once heard the so called nicknames

I'm hurt we didn't make history

“ seniors will be provided the final announcement about commencement by April 12th”

Advice from a Senior ODU is a great school, don't get me wrong. I've loved my 4 years here and I think that since 2015 it has been one of the most exciting times to me a Monarch. But it is not all sunshine and rainbows. ODU does have a lot of things they need to fix, and they don't seem to be getting done. To everyone coming to ODU as a freshman and those who are here now take some advice... it will save you some headaches.: 1. Don't rely on your advisors. I have had over 6 different advisors here for my major (Political Science). They have given me all types of routes to graduation but they were all flawed. Take a few hours once a semester and look at your DegreeWorks, it is simple to plan your schedule. Take the classes that can complete 2 boxes at once, thats is the only way you will get out on time. 2. GO TO CLASS. ODU has a great roster of really interesting professors who's attendance policy is really lax. Its college, go to class. I skipped a lot of class here and have had more stress on my plate on the back end of every semester. If you go to class, you will make dean's list; its that easy. Because classes here are so small, especially when you get into the major specific classes, your teachers will recognize and remember you AND THEY WILL HELP YOU. More so than other colleges. 3. Don't be afraid to drop a class if it isn't for you. Yes, it is a lot of money down the drain. But, if you drop in time you get the money back and save yourself from suffering through a semester of bull-shit. 4. Dont limit yourself to a specific friend group. I went greek my first semester. It was a blessing and a curse. My brothers are friends for life but i never really branched out. I have so many other interests other than Greek Life and I never got to experience them. ODU has every club you can think of, for every interest. This college is big enough to where there is a group of people who share in that interest. 5. If you don't know what you want to do after you leave here, that is 100% ok. I thought I wanted to be a lawyer for two years, I took high level classes for it and went all the way. But, when i was a junior I took a Public Relations class and it spoke to me. When you know, you know. 6. Finally, enjoy yourself. College goes by way faster than high-school. In a blink of an eye its all over, and most of us won't be going to grad school (and if you do, im sure you will be drowning in work and have little time for fun). Make your friends, make your memories. RIDE THE LION.

Well said. I'd like to add to your final note, don't engross yourself. I wasted a lot of time buried in my books, and I regret not finding clubs/groups and building those relationships. I also regret not getting into the gym sooner in life

Ride the lion you say? I do hope you mean literally

Does ODU really think it’s a good idea to hold classes in person still with this high of a positive percent? Aight.

Alright whose gonna place bets?? how many people are going to catch it? will school go online? place your bets now! ..were fucked...

I hope it doesn’t go online. I’m doing a lot of math and science and don’t think I will do well if it becomes virtual :/

Good thing I live off campus. I hate to be trapped in a dorm.

It’s literally the common cold.

Guarantee you they’ll do nothing… already seen on twitter from some professors that ODU hasn’t given them any guidance regarding how to handle student absences regarding covid… especially this week since ALL students have to have a negative test to attend classes this week when appointments are hard as fuck to find.

Math is easier during virtual.

Did you see the email saying everyone has to have a negative test to attend classes whether or not you live on campus?? I didn’t receive the email. I had to have it forwarded to me by someone else who, I assume, lives on campus. They didn’t make that info streamline so I’m sure this is going to be a shit show.

lol thanks Spatula_69 for your qualified medical opinion

You’re a fucking idiot.

theyre doing covid tests for free on campus in jarrett annex behind virginia their information is horrid though. i live on campus & have heard 4 different things from 3 different sources regarding covid.

Maybe for you, not for me

Yeah I got the email. I got my test today

I didn't get any email like that. I live off campus and was told that I only had to show proof of the booster.

How do you enforce that is my thing?

Campus requires vaccinations AND the booster for on campus students this semester. Please explain to me how Omicron is a huge health risk? Where are the stats that say ages 18-22 (using average college age) that are vaccinated are experiencing anything worse than mild sickness?

I saw that. I just can’t imagine what it’ll be like when all 25k students are trying to get tested at the same time since at home tests are all sold out and appointments at cvs and what not are booked out for awhile

Apart from the fact that appointments are going to be booked for the next week or two.

https://www.odu.edu/content/dam/odu/offices/sees/docs/quick-reference-return-to-campus-sp22.pdf Here you go!

lol you’re stuck on the point that it’s typically mild for individuals who are vaccinated and healthy. You’re ignoring the point that hospitals are overwhelmed and cannot take care of individuals who need the medical help. Also, not everyone is healthy like you may be. Saying that it’s not a huge risk to a certain age group is ignoring the people it is a massive risk too. AND there are people who are vaccinated, seem to be healthy, and still die. Who wants to be that person? Not me. You can also still carry it and infect others who are not vaccinated. Do you want to carry that on your back that you spread it to a young child or a grandparent and killed them? I know I don’t. There’s alternatives and ways to avoid these situations and we, as a society, are not taking proper precautions because we’re expected to “live with it” like we have with every other illness but omicron is literally the fastest spreading virus known to humans. Why are we going to pretend we can still function normally as a society with this?

they have schedules available for a few weeks i believe, mon-fri. i just had a meeting with my RA tho and apparently ODU may close down if enough people end up positive. i guess its just a waiting game lol i really wish they were clearer about their covid information and protocols. theyre just making shit up as they go. i got 3 diff emails with different covid things all contradicting themselves lol

My ex was at duke for her masters and they did it like clockwork. I wonder how ODU will handle it.

i booked mine yesterday and there were no slots taken lol

They don't even state the frequency of tests for campus. They want one test to come back but don't state if this is gonna be a bi-weekly thing or not. If I didn't have two campus jobs I wouldn't come to campus.

Honestly if you’re not vaccinated at this point you’re on your own and you should be turned away from medical treatment UNLESS you have a legitimate medical diagnoses that eliminates you from receiving the vaccine.

An idea to replace zoom The biggest issue im finding with zoom is that it seems to impersonal. So i had an idea Lets rebuild the ODU area (43rd street to 49th street and hampton boulevard to whitehurst) from the ground up, in minecraft. We could socialize in the webb center, go to classes in dragas, or even just relax in the dorms.

I'd actually love this

I’d love to do this but I have so much school work :(

The beginnings of this exist! The Library was built in Minecraft back around 2011. The files are out there somewhere, you can probably find them through the Minecraft knowyourmeme page as it is mentioned there in the education section

This is a fantastic idea, but where would we find the time

Using world edit it could be built rather fast

Does the school have a acheitecture or minecraft club? I think this would be a great project for them if it does exist

Update! A little information, I posted before Fall semester about my brain surgery recovery and a good person from the engineering college saw it. https://www.odu.edu/engineering/article/met-student-overcomes-life-changing-surgery I didn't stop.

Bud, I remember you from campus! Swing through the M-Lab sometime this semester!

The human spirit @ it’s best! What an inspiring story

I remember you posting a while back. I’m so glad you’re doing well!

ODU vs VT 9-14-2024 Big Blue is for the people 🦁 Let's go Monarchs!

It would be deeply funny if Tech leaves Norfolk with a 0-3 record here.

I went to ODU when they beat tech a few years ago. Someone set a car on fire to celebrate. It was a good time.

i got a student section ticket for sale if u want it $20 them jawns sold out @ damexviii on ig

Here for it.

I believe they were Lime Scooters which I was ok with since Norfolk is continuously littered with them

I have season tickets. Alumni 2005. I appreciate it though.

Ah yes, thank you. And a couch lol

I just slammed pre-workout and the SRC is closed. What do I do? Sad g I'm hype asf for no reason

Vigorous jazz hands

There's a furry rave at 37th and zen going on rn

Go for a run on Killam Ave

Pushups and Edging Sesh for sure

Why is it closed ?

Go back to the dorm and work out! Your roommate will really appreciate it!

Drive down to MacArthur Mall and walk back to campus.

Nonsense, if you aren’t seeing things, you haven’t taken enough. Keep chugging king 👍🏽

Run that’s shit off

Run Forest, Run!

You’re trying to get him shot

They always close at 9pm on Saturdays

When was there 4? I’ve been here since 2020 and only know of 2

But I've gone on Saturdays until 12 before

Its been like this for over a year now

I legit went a few weeks ago on Saturday super late

Are you sure it wasn’t Friday or Sunday? It really has been like that for over a year, you can even look back on their calendar lol

I mean, I guess I could be wrong. I could've sworn it's been on Saturday, though.

Old Dominion University Parking is a borderline criminal organization, and it is crazy they get away with it. The title says it all got a ticket and I am pissed. I know what you are thinking to *"be more responsible or appeal it"*. It does not matter, it is still outrageous. I am a Norfolk taxpayer and student so I am getting double shafted already on this \*\*public school's\*\* funding. What is even crazier is being a Norfolk resident I went ahead and checked and sure enough, they are charging higher than the city in which the university resides!!! *Just get a pass, its a university, of course, they upcharge...* Well, good news I did the leg work for you and checked! ODU citations fees are so damn outlandish they are higher than: Virginia Tech, William&Mary, UVA, University of Richmond...VCU (let's be honest all better institutions). I was surprised too; stopped looking when schools in the city capital were more reasonable with their fees. On top of that, they work meter fees so any full-time student gets strong-armed into paying for the privilege of Overpaying for parking because the parking pass they couldn't afford pays for itself in small lump sums, AND DONT GET ME STARTED ON CC SERVICING FEES IF YOU PAY THE FINES ONLINE. End of the day they are getting away with highway robbery by charging above and beyond damages lost on parking spaces in half-empty parking lots, only used by ~~students~~ **THE PEOPLE ALREADY PAYING TO BE THERE** and faculty. **ODU is in Norfolk charge like it!**

Really better than U of Richmond? I understand you’re bitter, but the spiders?

What's bullshit is that faculty actually doesn't even get a discount on parking passes. Technically as a graduate research assistant I'm a school employee, but parking isn't any cheaper. What's also fucked, the parking garage on 43rd and elkhorn is metered, but it's free to park there on the weekends. But it accepts money if you pay to park on the weekends / after 10pm on weekdays. I always see people paying and tell them "hey, you don't actually have to pay right now". I park off campus on weekdays, I'm sorry, but I don't want to share my secrets on reddit. But it's only like a 10 minute walk from my car, and I usually skate to save more time if it's dry out. I'm sure you can find somewhere similar to park. That being said, I know you're upset, but it is your fault that you got a ticket. Be more careful when you park, don't park anywhere that you know you will get a ticket (really look out for signage). I know I got an email saying that you at one point during the year they do something where you can trade in a jar of peanut butter and they'll forgive your ticket. The peanut butter goes to a food bank. Idk, might be worth finding out when they do that and not paying your ticket and save some money by donating peanut butter.

Not to mention when there is a sports game, all the residents have to move their vehicles out of a majority of the parking lots around campus so that visitors can come take them instead. The whole system is ridiculous to everyone involved.

I agree. It's horrible. Funny story, but I was given a ticket - while I was walking from my car to the meter onto the bottom floor to pay for parking. Literally, I can't fucking teleport to the meters to pay it. It takes me a minute to walk down the stairs. I saw the exact timing and brought the ticket to the office to explain how ridiculous it was. Because my receipt of the time I paid for was the EXACT minute that they issued the ticket. Guess what happened while I was in the office (waited over an hour and literally about 3 minutes longer than I had paid for at my spot, I always paid over to account for extra time), I got another fucking ticket while GOING TO FIX THE FIRST TICKET. They are so fucking dumb.

They've fucked me over too

That, and the parking ticket enforcement has got to be the most efficiently run group within the entire university. I’ve heard, but cannot confirm, that someone got a ticket for pulling into a handicap spot for a couple seconds just to drop somebody off, didn’t even shift into park! ODU is greedy, and nowhere does that show more clearly than in parking.

Well if norfolk wasn't a blue city and was red something would probably be done about this. But democrats want to tax tax

I absolutely agree! I got booted last semester out of nowhere. I thought I had all semester to pay and the notifications that I might get booted came AFTER I was booted. Also, I had just went to the office that morning to ask about disputing 3 of the tickets since I had paid but the number was wrong. It was absolute insanity.

I find ways around paying for a parking pass and meter parking. However, there is free parking for athletic events (baseball, soccer, field hockey, and lacrosse) at lot 43.

the salt brought it out of me

I paid 8$ at that damn meter today due to make up exams. At this point it's not even about the money, **It's the principal.** I will also 1000% be paying in pennies and want the fees to stack up a bit first.

**Hello.** I noticed you dropped 3 f-bombs in this comment. This might be necessary, but using nicer language makes the whole world a better place. Maybe you need to blow off some steam - in which case, go get a drink of water and come back later. This is just the internet and sometimes it can be helpful to cool down for a second. *** ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^❤❤❤ ^| ^[Information](https://redd.it/exwvd4)

that actually is not a bad idea. Will look into it after midterms

They just plain do not care. Sorry bout your boot that really sucks

You get around parking by being forced to park on the streets and neighborhoods surrounding ODU. Where the property owners are paying taxes to have street parking. Leading to school lots not being used at all, and Norfolk residents not being able to park.

I’ll give you a one time pass...I’m not even going to comment on the the VCU part of your post

So you're going to pay in pennies and make someone count them all who has absolutely no say on how parking fees work. Very mature.

Understandable. Also, I don’t park in the neighborhood or streets. I was just providing a helpful tip for free parking on campus around certain events.

Malicious compliance isn't supposed to be mature. Its supposed to make you feel good about something you truly hate to do. I guarantee if more people paid with pennies the fees would drop, because no one wants to count abunch of pennies, just like no one wants to pay $8 for a spot and come out to a ticket. edit: gotta add, I have gone through parking services the *"Mature"* way before and lemme tell ya bud they aren't the greatest people to deal with. So please trust I will enjoy every second and sleep like a babe.

Most people are mature enough to take responsibility for their mistakes rather than burdening others because things didn't go their way.

I am not breaking any laws by paying a fine with a legal tender so get off your soapbox. I am gonna pay the fine and accept responsibility, but I am gonna squeeze every ounce of enjoyment I can out of it, and honestly, its little choices like this that make me happier than most people. Glad I am not most people.

Lack of empathy, guilt, conscience or remorse. Congratulations, you may be a psychopath.

Anyone who chooses to work for a predatory parking agency that is borderline criminal is worse IMO. I side with OP's pettiness.

> Congratulations, you may be a psychopath. I mean duh. I have also been called gregarious recently - *Gonna be honest, I had to look it up*. Not all bad news though, charismatic sociopaths make bank, and my wife doesn't mind as long as I try and stay chaotic neutral

ODU's alert system I was one of the people who called, and did so at 9:38. Let's be real here, the alert system was SO late on what could've gotten more people hurt. Over 20 minutes for ANYTHING from the campus is terrible considering the text didn't go out until 10. They could've handled it a lot better.

I was blindly practicing in the music building by then-- relatively close to the area of the shooting. I had ZERO idea until someone inside told me by mouth, and then LATER the alert went out... If that was an actual active shooter rather than (supposedly) a targeted incident? I very well could've been dead as I was not hiding and also making my location known with my instrument. Do better.

Stay tuned for my book, Surviving ODU from 2021-25

I mean considering that you called, police dispatch has to enter that information, dispatch officers who then respond and investigate and make a scene safe, coordinate rescue services, then inform their own command staff, 20 minutes is pretty quick.

As an ODU graduate of 1985, it’s unbelievable the leaders that are elected like Obama and Biden don’t care about our safety and only illegal votes to keep in power. Why else did they open our borders and jails for the public to deal with. Because democrats don’t care about us!

Everyone's fortunate that police response was quick if it wasnt a targeted incident; I heard sirens within the minute but at the end of the day around 20 bullets were fired. people in brod, the music building, etc could definitely be in so much risk if it were a different kind of shooting. I can't imagine what it would feel like to know that practicing my instrument could mean missing out on information that would keep me safe

I can help with the prequel I survived from 2004-2008

Please post it when you can

Can I chime in? Lol

You're supposed to be automatically part of it if you're a student, otherwise you can sign up for the alerts on the website. Tbh though I feel like they're so poorly timed that the only time I've gotten a useful alert is for snow cancelations.

ODU PD doesn't run the alert system alone btw. This is from the alerts website: "Alerts will be sent by either University Relations or Old Dominion Police, depending on the nature of the situation." A police response should immediately trigger any sort of lockdown especially in potentially life threatening situations. If a shooting happens, 20 minutes can be devastating. If they can take the time to listen to my phone call and ask for my personal information they can easily send out an alert that's maybe a sentence long to warn people to stay safe indoors.

Bro what? If DUI means "dying under itchy-trigger-finger" now then i guess :)

2016-2020 here

It was a joke. They were saying they care more about dui's than active shooters. It was a slight at the odu police

ODU has turned into a weak education in a dangerous city. Norfolk sucks!!!! ODU has lowered there standards to that of a community college. Wake up people!!

Alright bot.

Guys meet Randy Webb.

One man’s trash is Randy’s treasure

A friend of the people

For those of you who have reservations about going to school in your late 20s or older

Thank you for posting this! First in person class tomorrow for undergrad at 27 🥹 wishing a good semester on everyone!

Beautiful quote, thank you for posting it!

Meme post overrun I am on r/ODU to help people with issues at the school. These meme posts are making me want to leave.

Check to see who's posting them and there you'll find your answer

yeah we wouldn't want to ruin the integrity of this highly active and very useful sub.

Pro tip: Block the person to not see any posts Reddit wide.

just block them if you don't wanna see em

For what it's worth, I graduated 6 years ago, and this is the most alive I've seen this sub. I appreciate the memes, but you can just block the guy, FYI

I have no problem with memes, it’s just that u/Mr_Two0 ‘s memes are pretty bad so they get annoying to see. Just down vote him and move on

Can the mods ban the dude posting who doesn't even go to ODU?

Just block whoever has been posting them. I think it’s one person but can’t be more than two or three, I did and no memes for days

imo the meme posts doesn’t bother me and it’s not serious that you wanna leave that’s just weird 💀just ignore and move on to next post

This sub was literally dead before the meme posts

Just did. Thanks, I was unaware of this option.

soup nail mysterious noxious historical fade absurd workable disarm busy *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

He used to go to ODU

Good luck this semester, fellow Monarchs! May spring semester grant you stable internet connections, professors who grade work in a timely manner, and classmates who know how to mute themselves. 😁

One out of three.

Naro Video Donates over 42,000 Videos to Old Dominion University Libraries [x-post /r/norfolk]

Congratulations! We survived another semester! Being a student during this pandemic has not been ideal in a dozen different ways, but you made it through. Maybe you struggled with staying motivated or focused (I know I did). Maybe you didn't get the grades you wanted. Maybe you did better than you thought. No matter what, you survived. I'm proud of you. I'm extra proud of those who finished their degrees and are graduating. Give yourself time to enjoy the win. You earned it. ♥️♥️♥️

I'm very nervous for my sophomore year. it will he the first time being in a university class. so idk how anything works inside an actual class setting

I'm still debating doing classes on campus vs online just because I'm an out of state student

That makes sense! There are going to be a lot of people around you who are in the same boat. It's gonna be okay, I promise. There are a lot of profs and students who will be happy to help you out because we are going to be thrilled to be back on campus.

I’m doing all online as much as I can so I can work to continue paying for college with as few loans as possible

Understandable. Living on campus is expensive!

Do you live in VA? or outside? cause I know tuition rates change if you live outside VA

I'm going to be living off campus in the Fall but I dont know if to bare the year until i get residency or just do online. My plan right now is to study on campus and then not register for Spring if I end up struggling financially

I live in VA

What's your major? I can probably direct you towards helpful resources.

As of right now I'm majoring in Criminal Justice with a minor in International Studies and I'm considering changing to a major in English and minoring in Criminal Justice and International Studies instead so I can get used to more reading and analyzing for graduate school

To the girl who hit reply all...

My wife is a distance ODU student. We've just been sitting here reading the replies tonight. Thanks, Amber!

Can't believe she has a 4.0.

Are you kidding me? These emails have been amazing

It was somewhat interesting until everyone started begging for followers on Instagram and Twitter. Haha.

Why would she think the school would care about one whinny girl? Other people have problems too, but they suck it up and deal!

smh me either

Like I said in a previous comment, they were interesting until everyone started begging for followers on Instagram and Twitter.

Exactly. That is something you send to your teachers.

Pictures from the mermaid statue event today at Brock Commons.

Nusbaum Apartment Photos hi everyone! with classes starting soon, i’ve had a lot of people message me for photos of nusbaum so i’d figure i’d share them publicly. i lived there for two years and am happy to answer any questions you may have about the area/experience.

Is it quiet over there? Does it feel safe? Any issues?

That kitchen is for sure updated from when I was there 😅

Thank you so much!!!! Youre the best :)

Damn I didn’t know these were very mid apartments

Is it a 1 bed room?

Which part of nusbaum C are the laundry machines in

1. it’s relatively quiet. the walls are paper thin so you will hear your neighbors a lot. i lived on the 2nd floor and could hear my downstairs neighbor and my neighbor across the hall do basically everything. i was fortunate to never have anything drastically annoying or bothersome to the point i couldn’t enjoy the space. 2. i felt safe for the most part. it’s right off killam so that’s always an issue and the local neighborhood surrounds the building so you get a lot more locals, which can be hit or miss. buildings b and c have an exterior door that is an extra layer of security. no one can get inside the building without a key to that door and because it’s only a few tenants, no one is just letting people inside the same way they would for other dorms 3. it’s an older building so you get a lot of older building issues ( i had a sewage pipe burst in my shower 🫠 ) i ran into problems of roaches my second year living there as did my friend who lived on the first floor. never infestation level, but still didn’t like having them especially because i was a relatively clean person. personal issues i had were the small kitchen and i despised the laundry room. there’s 3 washers and 3 dryers and rarely do all of the machines work. i also felt like the custodian staff forget about the buildings, especially the laundry room, as it was never cleaned.

yes! 1 bed, 1 bath.

the laundry room is located outside of nusbaum c near the trash on the side facing Killam. You’ll have to use your apartment key to enter the laundry area!

Bernice King says to "stay woke," fight for change during talk at ODU Martin Luther King, Jr. event Tuesday

Can we please keep politics out of this sub? I like the memes

Normally, I would agree, but in this instance, she spoke at ODU and is the daughter of MLK. It's pretty relevant to this sub. But yeah, this really isn't the best place for political discourse.

Politics is everything. You can’t escape it.

You got downvoted bc brain lets love their politics too much

First time?

I have 8 AMs every day next semester.. pray for me.

That cold fall rain season early AM is no joke. God bless Maglev.

As someone who had afternoon and night classes, I feel like I was robbed.

Maglev was demolished 🥲

Robbed of what? Rough mornings? lol

What! I loved that umbrella. RIP.

It was a project ODU constructed. Turned into the world’s largest umbrella.

I seen a pic of a dude running on top of it, but it's gone.

Fuck. I graduated 10 years ago. maglev is gone?

Yeah, they took it down, except for the part that goes over Hampton

Ah. Damn, I loved that failure. Do they still ride the Lion?

Brave nude souls. Yes.

Brain tumor and school Hello, everyone. I wanted to post this just to hopefully get some encouragement. So, roughly a year ago I went to the hospital and asked for a MRI and they found a brain tumer, I had it removed and then got a shunt valve installed, while I went, I was enrolled in classes and I'm a senior, I was also in ROTC so before the surgery, I emailed the school and they converted all my grades for that semester to I's, so what I did the next semester was talk to the professors to then sit in on their classes and make up my work, I did this and just completed this semester I passed all my classes. I wanted to ask encouragement from any engineers or students to keep going, because I get more brain fog and problems because of it, and before engineering is hard, but now I have this. More info: It was totaling 13 brain surgeries, and basically, I have dementia now and have really bad short-term memory, but my long-term memory remains unaffected. I still remember the rules of calculus and algebra enough to understand my courses. And I addressed it, I was the jerk running around with the eyepatch if you saw it.

you should get accommodations from the office of accessibility.

Speak to the accommodations office. I had a seizure my last semester at ODU and couldn’t drive for 6 months by law plus had lasting issues. They were able to help me out. Just warning you some professors do not care about accommodations and will try and pretend they don’t exist, but 99% are pretty chill about it.

I pray for you brother, I lost my health insurance this semester and my diabetes when completely out of control. It’s inspiring to know there are methods to navigating school during a health crisis, wish I could’ve read this sooner.

Yes, I got double testing time this past semester.

Thanks, and FYI, I'm also the one that was walking around campus with the eyepatch.

work with your accessibility person, there are more that you can get. they can be tailored to your specific needs as well.

so I found something on the third floor of the library

Please tell me this is still here

Idk probably. I posted the video here when I was still sitting there.

future monarch ??

Congratulations!

Congratulations! (You might want to censor your UID)

what was your gpa/sat?

Only at Rogers can you order 8 quesadillas at midnight and not have to pay

Rogers late night was a life saver my freshmen year

Man. I miss that shit. The man who worked there knew me so well that I could walk in and he would get my order ready. I respect those cooks.

I used to walk over with my hallmates from Whitehurst to Rogers for this exact reason. Good times

Class of 2023 :)

Congratulations! Do you know what you're going to study!

I’m leaning towards Mechanical Engineering because I’ve heard the program for it is great there. Not 100% decided though. The bachelors to PhD program seems really nice so maybe I’ll try for that. :)

Welcome! I'm doing mechanical right now as a freshman, if you have any questions feel free to message me about them!

Beware of Sarper as a MechE his classes were always quite dull and you only talked about Mars. He didn’t make a lot of sense either, just use rate my professor. It helped me find decent teachers for most classes when I was there

I started in the Mech program and switched to Computer Engineering after the first programming course just because I fell in love with it! Are you interested in research or getting into industry?

Will do, so you can delegate which teachers to take classes from?

Well that’s awesome! Programming is awesome. More likely the industry but I’m not sure.

Yeah, when you register for classes

For the most part, yes. Occasionally, there are classes that are taught by one professor exclusively, or maybe only taught by one professor on a particular semester. If you're worried about taking a class with a particular professor, just make sure you keep track on when and in what order you need to take what classes and be strategic about scheduling.

The PhD program is heavily research-oriented. If you're wanting to go into industry, I'd maybe consider an accelerated Master's program at most.

I’ll have to do more research about the two sides, and possibly even other majors. I’m still not 100% sure that engineering is what I’d like to pursue.

What I would do if I got a chance to start my college all over again. A little advice for a change. 1. Do research on related job market and figure out what specific job position you want to do after graduating as detail as possible and as soon as possible to plan your courses accordingly. (put thoughts in optional classes accordingly) 2. Do research on [Ratemyprofessor.com](https://ratemyprofessor.com/) for your upcoming semester courses, come up with a good plan for registration and register as soon as you know your ticket. Be smart about time in between courses because that's the time you can actually do your homework effectively since you can discuss with your friends or get contact with professors if needed since they all are active during the day. Don't forget to meet your advisors with your semester-courses-plan or you will get a hold and can't register on time. 3. Try to get involve in many projects, many field-related associations as much as possible because these will be the closest thing to work experience if you can't get any internship (knock on wood). Also, figure out when is the earliest you can apply for internship and plan on applying ahead of time. This will be a big element on your resume. Start practicing building your resume, this activity will help you shape up what you want and what you need for your future. (I regretted so much for not doing all these sooner) 4. Make friends in classes, offer helps when you can and you will get help when you need. That's how most people survive college, team work makes dream work. They can also possibly be your future connections or just simply friends that can chill with you. 5. Expensive lesson that I had to pay: it is much faster and way more effective to do everything in the right way than spending time trying to find loopholes to go around it. You can be creative on how to approach problems once you learn how to do thing right. 6. Try to plan everything out as detail as you can and try to stick with the plan as much as possible since your time of a day will be very limited. Use the time wisely! 7. All of things above are essential but don't forget to make friends, enjoy yourself with hobbies, parties and such. These few years will pass very quickly so just make this best out of it. I am sorry for the long input. I did a lot of thought of this after I graduated with lots of regrets and wished I've known and done all of this before. Luckily I meet good friends to help me through college academically and mentally that I could never thank them enough. I wish you very best in your college journey! It seems overwhelming but it is actually very much manageable. You got this! Happy Friday everybody.

I'm about to drop out I was so excited to get into a masters programs. Enrollment is a NIGHTMARE! I dont know what I'm doing! I made an entire plan of study on my own because my EC wouldn't help for diddly squat, then I come to find out all these courses she said would work aren't even AVAILABLE this term. They are so vague and frustrating that I don't even want to be in the program anymore. Its starting to make me feel like I made a huge mistake going here. I was excited to start a graduate course of study, now I am dreading it after pulling teeth to get this to all work. Does it get better? Should I run? Edit to add: I finally got into contact with a different EC and it is like night and day. It took an hour to have my entire plan of study completed, and have me set up for courses this week. Thank God!

Im currently getting my MS in mechanical engineering at ODU, and honestly, all the course planning and registration I have just done myself. Degree works is pretty straightforward with what your course requirements are. From there you just need to do a bit of looking through banner registration “browse courses” and see what you can take, when. My advisor is by no means unhelpful, but I have just found that nobody knows what classes I need to take/want to take more than me, so Its best to just figure it out yourself and then get someone to look at it if you are really worried.

Which masters program? That’s kinda the nature of the grad programs at ODU. There isn’t much course flexibility because the student population is significantly smaller than undergrad programs. If you don’t have a specific goal or job in mind, then I wouldn’t waste your time or money. But if you have a specific intention, then you’ll figure it out. An extra semester or two won’t hurt you in the long run..

I looked into a masters degree there and everyone I spoke to or called was so rude or dismissive I finally gave up. I got into another school out of state and went online. I got in-state tuition through the Academic Common Market. It was great! Graduated last year and got a job in the field.

Glad to hear you got in contact with someone helpful.

Believe it or not but you actually have to do your own due diligence, ask questions, seek your advisors and ask around. No one is going to care about your future as much as you so you need to be proactive.

You won't. No balls

I'm in the environmental engineering program but have been taking ODU grad engineering courses over the last year before I officially started the program. I don't even have an advisor, lmao! I literally just went on Banner and picked what I wanted to take for the spring and summer--it definitely was the best approach!

Literally all I am asking this person is to help me with my plan of study and create it. I've asked multiple times if we could call, I've sent emails, they're just so vague and unhelpful. I'm not picky with courses or electives, it's just so frustrating to try and figure out which ones I need and can take cause I'm new here and they won't clarify at all. The program is in engineering.

They are a commuter school trying to be a big school that people go to that aren’t local, but the trouble is they kinda suck in some ways like some of the professors are good people but the way the school is run just sucks bad. In my opinion they are money hungry and inefficient.

Yes balls. I chose to go here over two other school offers I had. Now I'm wondering if that was a wrong choice.

Don’t do it! I’m working on my Under grad at ODU for Engineering. The professors kinda suck. I just wanna finish so I can work full time. Screw a masters degree honestly Get an MBA or something if you wanna be a manager. I don’t recommend this school to a friend

Yeah I went there for my undergrad back in the day and both commuted and lived on campus. It was ok. I liked going there. I liked the professors and classes. But whenever there was an issue, it was a nightmare to fix.

Not much has changed. It took almost 2years for them to accept all my credits from a transfer of an Associate degree. And now I’m about to graduate soon. But I took summer classes and my advisor was virtually no help. And the best part is I have to come back next fall for 2 classes because I can’t take those classes over the summer to finish and they only offer them once a year but the the other classes I was taking conflict in schedule last semester and they are once a year classes also. My advisor really sucked big time poor advice the whole way through. Plus some of the staff retired and I had to take the final class before they changed my concentration. It’s a mess..

Oh wow yeah that sounds about right. I had a concentration get discontinued randomly right before graduation.

FAFSA got disembursed yesterday, waiting for the refund is so painful man

Yup…past semesters I’ve been issued a refund the day after….trying to be patient 😒

Gib rent and liqour money

Same, normally its the next day. When should we expect it?

There’s another thread where someone said Tuesday according to the office….I emailed a lil bit ago and hoping for a reply soon (will post if I hear anything)

FinAid office is saying 5-7 business days from the date it was posted to your student account. so, essentially, by Monday next week... (－‸ლ)

Thank you for the update! I would love to know why they cannot just do what they have been the last few semesters, giving it to us in a timely manner.

I'm not the only one who gets irritated when they see this right?

Yeah, it's annoying. In my experience though, professors don't ever use the entire time allotted for these long classes.

I need to sit down with whoever designed banner and ask them why they thought this was okay

Like I don't want a class that is over 2 hours long. But that is the only time offered

I hope not. I have 2 of these classes. First time ever having a 2 hours class too

Oh rip this was about the time Usually weekly classes like that have either a brief intermission or don't last the full time allotted

It was "ok" (not ideal) in the 90's when it was designed, and it's never been updated. I started taking undergrad classes back in 2006 and it was exactly the same then. Definitely don't try to do it on mobile devices, just take the time to pull up a desktop / laptop and use it there. It should scale directly on mobile, but it doesn't.

I’m taking 2 separate classes from 4:20 -7:00 (Tue&Wed) and 2 others 7:20 -9:50. Only time they’re offered. I don’t get it.

It's it a lab? They basically have to be that long. Too much effort to set up & clean after the experiment, can't really split them in two.

Why is no one talking about this? I get that ODU needs the federal funding, but I am disappointed about this… feel like no one has really brought it up much. Wish the university pres admin would address it. https://virginiamercury.com/2025/04/18/george-mason-old-dominion-latest-va-universities-to-roll-back-dei-policies/

It really does seem like they’re retaining DEI efforts but just renaming them to try to fly under the radar. As much as it stinks to not take a stand against the administration, I understand the strategy…. Trying to save people’s jobs and the work itself.

Because you’ll get deported by the authoritarian government

For what it’s worth: during the five year plan presentation Hemphill does provide some good answers. See the YouTube video on the page. https://www.odu.edu/president/forward-focused-2025

I didn’t see this until now. Sad to see that happen

Talk is cheap. Make your 5 calls to your state reps, congress, governors office, and articulate what/who is suffering due to these programs being rolled back in ways that they can’t deny impact’s Virginia. If you are feeling feisty, schedule a group meet with as many as you can muster to help write the talking points with others and share your work so everyone can have a more well reasoned conversation with some legislation staffer. After enough calls, perhaps the staffer is convinced but the legislator ignores the issues and avoids town halls. The damage is done to this generation, but the jaded staffer goes to work for a nonprofit instead of becoming the next JD Vance, and in 30 years, progress. I kid. But seriously, make the calls, the politicians only read the parts of Reddit that agree with them.

What is just astounding to me is, DEI hiring benefits veterans as well. And the number of veterans that voted against it.

I agree. I just wish they would make a statement or something. Also scared of what the compliance to this issue will lead to

Thanks for sharing! I’ll check it out.

Wrong, they only care about the parts where they get campaign contributions, which includes strong public unions like police, fire, feds, etc most of which support Trump.

Our representatives aren’t doing anything. I’ve done all this and it’s always the same old automated drivel and phony responses. Really wish we had some alternatives to these corporate and AIPAC owned democrats

Probably also thinking about things in a local sense. Virginia is a swing state currently under an avid Trump supporting Republican governor in Glen Youngkin. Probably wouldn’t get much help from the state if they tried to push back at this juncture.

what is this thing?

[ODU Maglev Train Project](http://www.mem.odu.edu/~bawab/ME655f/maglev_project.pdf) track that died a slow death

I saw someone else on here call it the failrail once and I haven’t stopped laughing since

Why it's the Monorail! https://youtu.be/taJ4MFCxiuo

An umbrella

I have to laugh at how many time OP must have walked by thinking "WTF is this thing?!" before finally giving up and asking.

An ancient relic of a time long past. One day historians and archeologists studying the ancient ruins of our school will look at this very same structure and ask, "what is this thing?"

We don’t talk about that.

The $16,000,000 umbrella

Was supposed to be some sort of train track but odu bought the land or something

Back in the day it was tradition for you to walk the monorail before you graduate, along with riding the lion. Used to be a ladder at the west end that had some pretty easy to crack security. Does that still happen?

I was a freshman when this was first being built I just graduated last week 😅

I always wanted them to turn this into a cover/ umbrella.

Best answer

Was it that other thread with the person doing an essay on it?

A very bad umbrella.

A shitty one at that

L Graduation

I think so but don’t 100% remember. It was pretty recently

Our Lady Monarchs named NCAA team of the week! On a hot 11 game win streak. We might just go dancing again this year!

Do you support turning the remaining Monorail into a university wide art project? Vote in the SGA Special Election link below 👇

Just don't take it down. Leave it up for future generations to continue to hear the tale of the failed monorail project. Years from now, when archaeologists uncover the ruins of our civilization, they'll find it and think we were such an advanced species.

[Link to Vote](https://itsapps.odu.edu/elec/index.php?ele=741) The election ballot includes Secretary candidates, the Monorail bill, and updated constitution. If you have any questions feel free to comment.

u/Mr_Two0 recently

Not sorry 😈

They're cute memes. It's not like I have anything to add, now that I've graduated.

I don't give a damn what anyone says, your memes always make me smile and laugh! They're so relatable! Keep them coming!

People just get mad when they see others having fun!

People just get mad when they see others having fun!

It's been a fun experience so far

This sub would essentially be dead without the memes

Car fire Bluestone and 43rd Smoke quickly spread, fire dept is here

Can we park there yet?

Anymore info on it?

It was cleared at 2:45 so I assume so but I’m not sure if there was any damage to the garage

https://www.wavy.com/news/local-news/nfd-respond-to-single-car-fire-in-parking-garage-at-odu/amp/ good to park

It was cleared at 245. Uncertain of how it started but there was a boom so I don’t know if it exploded. Waiting to see if it will be on the news later! I feel so bad for whoever’s car that is

Not much damage to the garage, the area where the fire was had been conned off as of a few hours ago, it's noticeable but doesn't look like it did any real damage

Angela Bassett among ODU commencement speakers

Oh that's cool as hell.

Update on the professor

I'm curious on what is going to happen to the assistant professor because the email used the words "administrative leave". By that definition, the professor could easily come back anytime without any of us noticing.

Would be awesome if ODU would stop giving my number to military recruiters Listen I have made a ton of bad mistakes all by myself. I do not need them calling/texting me to make another. *Congratulations on a great semester why not make another great decision*, get out of here with that Nigerian Prince BS Telemarketer > Military Recruiter Edit: Just got one from the National Guard too.

Weird. I have never heard of ODU giving out student phone numbers to recruiters. How have you confirmed this? If you speak with the person on the other end of the line and request them to stop calling you, I am fairly confident they will oblige your request. They have quotas to meet and they are not going to waste their time on someone who expresses zero interest.

>get out of here with that Nigerian Prince BS I must admit, the way military recruiters pester people with false promises do make the even the most ambitious Nigerian Prince blush.

I’ve gotten a couple calls as well

I get those calls too. Since I applied for graduation this semester, I also get calls from the alumni association trying to get donations. At least let me graduate first, K? I also know it's because of ODU because I'm out of state and ODU is my only connection to the 757 area code.

I got the same text a few days ago. I'm wondering if it was buried in a user agreement somewhere that this was possible, although I wish I could have opted out. Nonetheless, I'm 41, just finishing up some loose strings in life and doubt I'm eligible. I just deleted the text and moved on.

I get them all the time

On one hand I hear what you are saying, but on the other I have a guy calling himself ODUs Army Reserve recruiter congratulating me on a semester well done and asking me to come by... ODU also has a Navy recruiter, and trust me I have made it very clear I am not interested; they keep contacting me. EDIT: The reason you haven't recieved any calls is probably because you are not a senior or you already drank the cool aid

I am also graduating this semester and have not received any calls from the alumni association nor from military recruiters. I guess I've been lucky!

You know that paper you get when you walk across the stage at graduation? Yeah that’s is just a piece of paper that welcomes you to the alumni association and asked for you to go online and signup for all of their updates

So the problem is who they are sending these messages to. They are messaging abunch of kids promising things like *up to 50k loan forgivenes* to kids who may be desperate. Congrats on you for being cool with it, but this is no different to me than when direct tv leaked my info, which led to abunch of scam calls. You shouldn't have to dodge calls and texts after spending thousands of dollars to get an education. Its a shitty business practice.

Actually, I am a senior graduating this semester. It would probably be a good idea to block their phone numbers then. EDIT: Formatting and spelling.

You jinxed it.

oh weird I don't recall giving them my info

Thanks for the advice, it would also be awesome if the institution that is getting paid for me to go there would stop trying to farm me off to the lowest bidder. Edit: have no idea why I am getting downvoted for having issues with ODU giving out my personal info.

I sure hope not!

I would be pretty annoyed by this too.

I made a simple open-source Python tool that lets you download your Canvas course content to your local computer. [https:\/\/github.com\/Jeter361\/Canvas-Grabber](https://preview.redd.it/vdxmqglxbtsf1.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0bf775abd251927cc3349b87b50e5ada8c5ec202) Please let me know if you guys have any issues with it. Also, never share your API key with anyone. Treat it as a password!

Nice. Have you hit a rate limit for any of the courses you downloaded stuff from?

Solid tool. To make it safer and sturdier, use scoped tokens, store them in the OS keychain, never print them, and add pagination handling, retry with backoff, checksums with resume, and a small concurrency limit. Add --course/--term filters, a --dry-run, and a clean course/term/file folder scheme. For testing, I’ve used Postman and Insomnia; DreamFactory helped me spin up a quick REST API to log file metadata in SQLite for dedupe and sync. Shipping via pipx, a --since flag, progress bars, and optional rclone handoff would round it out. Scoped auth, backoff, resume, and filters will nail it.

Not yet, I made it so you can download modules from one specific class at a time to avoid that

And you don't have the textbook yet, either!

Then you sit there looking dumbfounded cause they didn't tell you what the textbooks were before the first day.

You still buy textbooks? lol

We've all been there

ChatGPT > Cleverspinner > Quillbot > revise AI Detected work until 0% AI detection > Submit. Done within one hour.

I wish I was a mod here... quit spamming random outdated memes. Smh

People like you are the reason that the value of our degrees are plummeting

It's nice to have a little activity tbh

It just gets me that I see them somewhere else like... hours before, and somehow, OP manages to post them at 60% degraded resolution.

Nah we actually like them

The only person to blame for the reason the degree you worked hard to earn is losing value is you. As long as the University received their tuition and you received your diploma to complete your goal of higher learning and/or landing lucrative job why does it matter?

The widespread use of ChatGPT is the reason why people graduating with degrees from now on are absolutely useless. The machine is doing the learning, not the students. That fact in ITSELF lowers the value of any degree earned- it’s turned higher education into a joke because these students with degrees can’t think critically or write/communicate effectively.

That’s entirely based on the individual. What you’re implying is that a person who uses ChatGPT automatically falls into that demographic, right? ChatGPT is simply a tool that requires user input. A person can use ChatGPT and still be proficient in critical thinking, communication, reading, and writing on their own. I could make a similar generalization about someone fresh out of college entering the workforce someone who is book smart but lacks work ethic, soft skills, and the experience needed to perform the job effectively because they rely solely on their academic knowledge without any real-life experience.

This is coming from my experience working with other students who are currently in school for undergraduate degrees. Students who use ChatGPT in lieu of doing the assignment themselves do not act like the person you are describing above, which is exactly what the post is referring to. I completely agree with your generalization that a student who is only “book smart” and lacks work ethic/soft skills/experience/common sense will not be able to get by on academic knowledge alone.

What was your favourite class?

It’s the best and worst decision ever. I’m a CS senior and now that I’m almost done I see my job prospects and salaries are about to be real nice. But the road getting here was so painful

I didn’t even like math and science in HS, I just wanted money.

Mechanical here. Graduated last summer. My favorite class was probably thermodynamics with Dr. Chaturvedi. It was rough, but the most interesting to me. My second favorite was CAD Mechanical Systems and Design. We modeled the bridge that sits in the hallway in Kaufman using Patran/Nastran and compared our deflection and stress measurements with the model for our final project.

In the ECE department, I’d say my favorite class was Computer Engineering Design because of how much freedom we had to do our implementations. It was super hard and the class needed more structure, but I enjoyed it based on the teammate I worked with.

For what it's worth, I majored in criminal justice and work at a bank now, I hate math.

Design 1 with Prabakaran. Papa P is a fantastic Professor. Next faves were Thermo 2 with Ashish and Fluids with Venkat.

Going to any job for money will make you extremely miserable and drop it. Ask me how I know

If you don’t mind me asking what do you do at the bank? What was it that helped you land the job at the bank with a cj major? Just wondering as a senior looking for jobs when I graduate

Because you’re in a marketing class?

I'm in Anti Money Laundering, I'm a proficiency coach. I basically just help people get better at their job.

long dam possessive wise frighten plough toy compare somber deliver *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

The only real reason I know this is because well intro into marketing

Birbs in Brod~ Brod's getting pretty wild riggt now. People dressed up as Big Bird and birdwatchers today to protest. (More can be found on yik yak.)

I worked at brod a few years back. At the time the word was that it was only about half staffed, however sanitation was fine (and no birds). I'll add this was all pre-covid. I gotta wonder who is really responsible here. Is it ODU's or Aramark's (the company that staffs brod) responsibility to ensure the facility is pest free?

merciful cooperative ten mindless consider cheerful juggle gold apparatus include *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

somber frame attempt nail connect ask follow insurance political hospital *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

Was just about to comment on this LMAO. Stupid ahh school

Recently, Brod (Broderick Dining Commons) has been getting lots of reports of food poisoning, and has been going through some health code violations. And lately, people have been seeing actual birds IN Brod everywhere from bowls in the kitchen, to the ceiling rafters to the soda machine, as you can see from the picture. So, yesterday, some people came dressed up as Big Bird, big yellow bird from Sesame Street, and birdwatchers, binoculars and all as a form of friendly protest. Thanks to that, parents were informed and the problem became more out there and some people have actually called the health department. Now, we're just waiting and hoping for results. There's more about this on yik yak, another app but unfortunately only available to iOS users now, where you can get an "in-depth" sense of what's going on.

It has its downfalls but I've seen plenty of schools on my 4 year break away from ODU it's NOT as bad as you think it is here

how were parents informed? like by the school? i havent heard or seen anything

Odu Perry Library Whoever left study room 2014 like this is so nasty !! Do better

Kids who’s parents never rode their ass about cleaning up after themselves, smdh

No home training...seems about right

ODU has begun to remove trash cans from classrooms because there is not enough custodial staff to keep up. So now classrooms and study rooms may not be cleaned as regularly. Knowing that students like this that just leave trash thinking someone else will take care of it are just passing it off to other students.

PSA: do not live in university villages I don’t know if I’m just incredibly unlucky, but I felt like I need to make this so others don’t have to go through the same thing I’ve gone through. University villages is a genuine hellhole. Since moving in, not a single appliance except the microwave and fridge has gone without breaking. The sink leaks creating a pool at my feet whenever I brush my teeth, the ceiling fan doesn’t work and clicks and wobbles when it does, Ethernet ports aren’t even connected to anything, etc. Sometimes the vents spew a disgusting smell that smells like acetone. My girlfriend usually smells it in the hallways when she comes in becuase I’m nose blind to it. Once, I was the unlucky bastard that had the smell come into his room but it was so thick I was genuinely scared for my health. I called my RA more than 15 times, no answer. I called maintenance over 15 times, no answer. I was so worried I called a non emergency police line and when the cop came, guess who finally answered. (They put the wrong number for the RA, I don’t blame them. I blame maintenance) What made me write this is that in the middle of me cooking dinner my STOVE randomly stopped working. My stove, which has been repaired at least twice this school year by maintenance, stopped working AGAIN. I’m so defeated. Luckily I just air fried my dinner and it tastes ok, but woudl taste much better if I was able to actually cook it. I’m so done with nothing working and everything breaking. Please don’t waste your money on this place, they clearly cut corners everywhere they could. I shouldn’t have to call maintenance every week, nor should I have to deal with everything breaking.

Most university housing is pretty shitty. They prey on captive market and the convenience of being able to bill directly to your tuition / student loan balances.

Damn you pay nearly double what I pay here in Powhatan and the only trouble I have is the bathroom being wet all over after a shower. My RA made a groupme if we needed him and maintenance is super quick here.

Lol yall kids are lucky, I visited for nostalgia but come leaving gifts. When I was there the police were there so often you didn't need to call them. You could ask them who to reach out to.

Must be nice

Yeah I heard horror stories about the next and didn’t want to go, not knowing villages wouldn’t be any different. I really wish everyone could go on strike or something lol. The housing department isn’t going to care about its residents until something like that happens. I’m already looking at renting next year and am literally counting the days. Good luck on your better housing adventure too!

August 15 reopening rescheduled to August 29 + Updated Fall 2020 schedule

At this point I'll be surprised if they don't end up just moving the whole semester online

Ya, that’s why I cancelled moving into my house

I personally think they will.

Dorms are closing

No other place to go would be defined by special cases like foreign exchange students whom which home country may be part of the current travel ban that's out in place. If you have another place to go, even if your family lives on the other side of the country you have to understand you are not in a situation nearly as detrimental as some of the other students. Be real here.

Do you have no other place to go?

Are they getting a refund ?

Backing into parking spots If you can't back into a parking spot on the first try, don't try to learn how with a line of cars behind you. I get it, Daddy's Mercedes was very expensive, but you can park at the top of the garage and use those chevrolegs to get down some stairs.

I have the opposite problem. I only ever learned how to back in. Now that my car is registered in fl, i have to pull in so that the plate is visible. As you might guess, im not very good at it

Omg especially if they back in with a whole line of cars behind them! Like you know traffic was bad and we are all running late- GTFO of the way!

Thank you, almost every day I'm stuck behind multiple people when I'm just trying to get to the top of the garage (easiest to park). I don't get why people default to squeezing in the tiniest spaces when it's so much easier to just go up a level 🫠

yeah it's so annoying when someone holds up the whole lane trying to back in perfectly. the reason odu doesn't want you to back in though is because they use cameras to scan license plates for the parking permits. since most cars in virginia only have a plate on the back if you're backed in their little car can't see it when they drive by to scan everyone. it's all about making it easier for them to hand out tickets lol. honestly sometimes it's easier to just find a cheap driveway to park in around norfolk on prked than deal with the campus garages.

Go to the top of the garage, also, a backup camera is like $60 my dude

The law in Virginia is a plate on the front and back? I don’t see how must cars in VA would only have a back plate.

? I have no problem backing in. My problem is, i only have a plate in the back. My problem is, i never learned how to pull in because it was the worse method. 16 year old me did not know that 20 year old me would jave their parking pass on the plate, but now have a car registered in fl

Watch out for ASDF/Autism Spectrum Disorder Foundation scammers on campus They were at a table in front of Webb today, don’t know if they’ll be back. I advise everyone to just say ‘no’ to them, they’ll just try and slick talk you into giving them money. The ‘salesmen’ try to compliment you and tell you like a dad joke or something. Luckily I got away by telling them I was running late, but yeah avoid these fuckers.

yeah they're outside the webb today too. usually I can block that kind of stuff out by just turning up my headphones more but the guy actually approached me lol

Also on the thing "more kids have autism than cancer and hiv" I'd like to keep it that way????

I filed a police report earlier because they took identifying info from my friend , if you have any more info please email police@ofu.edu

Hey I ran into them 2 days ago at the same place. I didn't give them money or anything but what makes you say they are scammers? (Honest question)

i need to comment on this bc yall are posting information that is trashing an organization that has had a huge effect on me and my family. They have helped us at Christmas time, they give out ipads, so lets not force an organization to close due to something we heard from an article that's over ten years old

https://revealnews.org/article/charity-investigator-autism-spectrum-disorder-foundation/#:~:text=The%20charity%20has%20gotten%20low,not%20disclose%20information%20when%20requested.

attention all perry library users **face coverings are required in all perry libary spaces** **The nose and mouth must be fully covered** **thank you for your cooperation**

At least they're not banning food and water again

yes I'm bored at the library and I know this by heart...

I work for ODU libraries (not Perry, one of the branch libraries) and yes you can have food in the libraries again. All we ask is that you all not have it down when you're not eating. That and not around the electronics.

1) wait I can bring food in here? 2) I would die without my water bottle here.

And please wash your hands after eating. The keyboards at the testing center are always disgusting.

Yes they'll come yell at you if you are just sitting there next to your food not eating with your mask off, but if you're eating quickly or just taking it off between bites they will let you this semester

Even before covid it was iffy having food that wasn't Einsteins bagels

someone cut 2 bike locks at powhatan...

Welcome to ODU. Your bike is public property now.

If you don’t use a U lock your bike has a very high chance to be stolen.

oh fun fact, this happened LITERALLY behind the security office.

In conclusion glad I didn't buy a bike

i had heard that this happened on campus, never saw or experienced it though. i used to ride my bike everyday to class. $900 specialized road bike and it was never messed with.

That’s why I got a hard bike lock and not one that’s rubber and can be cut

That's why there are signs that say "U lock or U lose"

I got mine stolen day 3 this year whoop whoop

I had a bike stolen there as well.

Kryptonite hard lock is the best.

u lock or u lose

depending on the type, those can be easier to break than rubber. So I hope yours isnt cheap lol

A quick time lapse of some of the inclement weather on Monday

Does anyone else enjoys how lightning looks in this part of the U.S.?

Does it look different elsewhere?

Who moderates this sub and can we get this thing rolling?

If we had a sub to enjoy going to ODU and get some people sharing what they are up to that'd be awesome. JDrough and I are going to post here throughout the next couple weeks to try to get some more people on here.

Yeah this subs been dead for a minute. I’ll help y’all with getting more people on here

Rip yik yak

Hardcore parkour ?

I've looked through the mods profiles and activity. They are either inactive accounts or they spending loads of time participating in other subs but not the ODU sub. You can see the mods on the right side of the home subreddit page on desktop.

Awesome man! What kind of content do you think people should share on here?

I’d say just about anything: Sports, parties, events, skating, meetups etc. This sub could be a huge social tool for campus but none of my friends even use reddit

I know r/rit has a very active group. Good place to use as reference for content ideas.

I agree completely. I think it could definently be a big social tool. Many people I talk to didn't even know ODU had a sub or anything. So spreading the word could help too.

I designed and 3D printed a scale model of Foreman Field

I did this a few years ago for a class in high school. We had access to a 3D printer and could print almost anything that we could model on the computer. I spent a few weeks modeling Foreman Field and after it printed I painted it and mounted it on a foam board with an overhead view from Google Earth.

Good. Now make it bigger with more seats.

Looks awesome! I wish odu had 3D printers available. They're hidden away somewhere.

god damn thats fucking awesome

Cat on Campus Is anybody missing a tabby cat? Found near the Webb center on the side near the construction. He wasn’t too scared, he just seemed mildly annoyed that there were people around. He also looks well fed and his fur is in good condition.

I've seen him around for the last three years I've been here. I can never get close to him though, I think he's just a feral cat who's eating good by Webb. I've seen him near the pond at oceanography and behind constant too

He’s a well known cat on campus father to many little black and calico kittens on campus they all hangout in the lamberts point parking lot

Thanks! I also asked a webb center staff person and they said a similar thing, he’s just a chill feral. He must be a successful hunter if he’s doing so well he’s mistaken for a well-fed pet lol

thanks for this information

At least one woman comes and feeds all the campus cats once a day around the lamberts point parking lot

Cigarette Chicken at Webb Again I think someone that works in the Webb Chick-fil-A on Tuesdays smokes in the kitchen because I got Chick-fil-A again today and the chicken smells like smoke. Im not eating it this time. I can't afford to miss more classes because of food poisoning. Who can I complain to because that's money down the drain for me and I cannot afford to be wasting food or money like this. For now, I'd avoid the Webb Chick-fil-A on Tuesdays. [EDIT] Mystery solved! No one is smoking, they just change the grease/oil out on Tuesdays so it was the flavor of the old grease bleeding into the chicken.

Lol this was over 15 years ago, but I got dinner from the Webb cafeteria and my coleslaw reeked of straight weed. It was in a togo box I carried back to my room. I threw it out

I guess you could start with complaining through Grubhub and then you could try to find who is in charge of Aramark at ODU.

I just edited the post to include this, but I spoke to the workers and got new nuggets. Apparently Tuesdays are when they change the oil, so it just tasted/smelt burnt

Changed oil shouldn't smell like cigarettes.

I don't know who you are but I want you to know I love the meme postings. I love to see the sub active

I agree, meme away friend!

My exact reaction

Anyone 24/25, but not in grad school? This is my 4th year at ODU, and I often feel awkward because people assume I’m a grad student based on my age (going on 25 this fall semester) and I have not yet completed my psych degree because life was truly life-ing. Anyways, this isn’t for sympathy just trying to see if it’s anyone in the same boat?

I finished undergrad last year at 36. I’m 37 in grad school now. There are many students all of ages here, don’t feel awkward that’s silly!

I had a 57 year old in one of my freshman classes, he said "Knowledge has no age limit" and that hit hard

I was 25 in 2022 when I graduated from ODU, and it took me 5 years after high school to get my associate’s in 2019. You’re doing just fine!

I’m not now, but I graduated undergrad at 29, went to grad school 36-38 and I’m going back again at 44.. as you get older, the numbers matter less. You have more life experience to make help create connections and understandings with, and that is a valuable asset!

I used to be a tutor - the students were shocked that I was only a semester ahead of them in classes, not in grad school. I'm not THAT older than the typical student!

Im currently attending as an undergraduate and I’m 32. It feels awkward sometimes but most of the time I don’t really care.

Don’t worry bout it. I’m 26 and just getting to my final semester. Graduating in 4 years is a dream we get sold. Some people do it in 4, other people do it in 8. Sometimes people gotta come back after 15 years. As long as you finish and do good you’ll be fine

I graduated GMU at 24 & went back to grad school in my 40s

I’m currently a 27 year old undergrad student at ODU! I graduate with my BS in Geography in December. 😁

I’m 27 and still working on that bachelors and have no real clue when I’ll finish.

I’m 35, I’m 9 credit hours in… 😂😂

24 and still haven’t finished my psych either. Youre not alone

Yep! Next year is my last, and I turn 25 in August. Congratulations for fucking doing it, man.

🙋🏼‍♀️🙋🏼‍♀️I’m 24 and won’t graduate till I’m just over 25. I’ve been in college since I was 18. I was homeschooled (very poorly) and it held me back.

i graduated undergrad at 27.

Still in school, gonna graduate at 24. Seems like a lot of people graduate late

I just graduated ODU this spring at 25 😭

Getting my second undergrad and will be 37 before I enter grad school.

I graduated from ODU at 27. Do not feel bad dogg. It’s life.

I'm 25 and graduating next may. I'll be 26. :)

I just finished my undergrad back in December and I’m 35. Don’t worry about it.

I’m 25 going into my senior year and will be graduating next summer when I’m 26. It took me four years to graduate from community college and a year at another university to finally get here. I’ve also felt a little awkward when friends I made at my previous university were surprised when they learned my age. However, they were more amazed at me being a 90’s baby than anything else. It was actually sweet thinking about it now.

label squalid office telephone elastic hungry alleged nail reply frame *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

I’m not a grad student and I’m 30. Even had a professor ask me what I was doing in school at my age essentially.

I’ll be 24 in July and won’t graduate until May 2025, I took a break and got an associates during covid and all of my friends graduated this/last year it doesn’t help that I changed my major to accounting but it’s most definitely harder to socialize with my classmates, I genuinely don’t maintain relationships with classmates under 22 and it sucks I feel like I’m missing out on the networking/fun parts of college that I got use to in my freshman year.

I spent 6 years on my undergrad and just graduated at 24 - it took me a bit to come around to being honest about how long it took me, but realizing I was going to be happier long term made it the right decision. I say it's all about finishing on your time and terms, no one else's. ODU is a great community because we have such a large population of "non-traditional" students.

I was a 28 year old junior when I transferred and graduated at 30 still had fun made friends enjoyed the experience. Mainly caused I didn’t care much what others thought I was there with a goal in mind of getting an education and thats what I did

Yep. I’m 26, bout to be 27 and will graduate being 27. It’s ok to be late to the party, just as long as you show up

I'm an undergrad a few years older. Don't worry!

I graduated this past December when I was 25. Easily the oldest person in all my classes. Don't get hung up on it. Everyone has their own race to run. As long as you finish and have a plan on what to do post-graduation, that's all that matters.

In the same boat. I’ll be 36 going into grad school

33 here 🤷‍♂️

I also turn 25 in August

Same here expect I have public school burnout

You’re not the only one :)

Losin’ it Hey y’all. Just wanted to come on here and publicly say I am losing my damn mind with studying and everything else going on. How y’all doing? We’re almost to the finish line, but I’m not sure I’ll cross as a winner.

I'm a senior. I am failing classes and my GPA is in the bin 😃

Ele education major graduating in the spring here! Feeling like a fish out of water: i wanna enjoy my last few months of stressfree life but i can’t stop overthinking what the future has in store 🥹

Just sent in my last assignment for the semester. 1 more semester until I have my bachelors in computer science. Yeah I feel you, I’ve been slipping recently but it’s finally over (for a little while)

I’m about to graduate with a 3.7 GPA and have already been turned down by 6 entry level/Paid spring/summer internships. 😭

i am literally on the verge of possibly postponing graduation and my entire degree by a semester if i don’t get this .. cpr certification.. safe to say i am one more apology email away from jumping ☺️

We're all in the same boat! Older grad student here, with a fulltime job and a wife and two kids under 5 years old. The past month has been absolute hwll to say the least. I will probably be pulling an all-nighter tonight, up and work tomorrow, then another all-nighter to get these final assignments in before the cutoff.

Yes you will; you're a Monarch 👑!

Lmao same here, currently expecting to pull an all nighter to get a paper done

Damn brotha 🫶🏻

Those places are silly for rejecting you. Don’t stop trying!

What major? Sorry about your luck!

Please don’t tell me a cpr cert is holding you back. You can get that for free a lot of places. I believe in you!

Economics and Finance minor. Worst case scenario my degree will make a great weed tray. Lol

lol definitely not free unfortunately, but yeah im going this saturday for the in person training portion and i hope my certification ships before dec 15th 😍

Any accounting? My wife and I are both ODU grads. I did MAE and she did accounting. I know her company is hiring and I am pretty sure they will pay for the CPA stuff.

Finance? Dude that’s an A tier major

Just keep trying. I remember applying to at least 10 jobs and many interviews and only getting 1 out of 20 job applications acceptance

I did mine a few months ago. They'll email you the certificate within 48 hours so you should be good!

From the interviews I’ve had it feels like a lot of places are looking for accountants. If I could redo everything I’d major in finance and minor in accounting.

I’m a senior accounting major! I hear great things about Chicago’s business opportunities

Yea that’s what I thought. Oh well. Just keep applying. Someone will eventually give me a job I hope.

thank you!! i am walking away from the ledge since i got my confirmation email with my certificate at lunch today, so safe to say I am now feeling invincible 😽

oh awesome!! so they email the certificate? and then i just send that pdf to oce?

Might sound weird but Chicago has a huge economics sector. If you're not against moving. One of my sisters (also an ODU grad) lives there and loves it.

I’m so happy for you!!!!! 👌🏽

If you did it through Red Cross, yea. Then you just email that to OCE. I think I had done mine on a Friday and by that Monday I had my certificate

Thank you!!! 🫶

oh slay yeah i did mine through the red cross website! ty this eased my anxieties 😩😩

Since “it may be the end of the line for ODU's maglev structure”, can you make the part over Hampton Blvd. a bridge/walkway for students as an alternate route for crossing the Blvd?

Hahaha the University spending money on something that just benefits students and doesn't make them more money in some way? Don't be ridiculous

That would be nice. They could keep the sign too

The April special election questions includes protection of the monorail. Hemphill is for keeping the portion over Hampton Blvd. A pedestrian bridge would require federal money which are typically spent as “road improvements.” So part of the negotiations would require the removal of certain crosswalks and stop lights. Which is why it was ruled out in discussions. If you want to improve the situation on Hampton Blvd I would recommend joining the Transportation Board in SGA. We negotiated with the city to get leading pedestrian intervals on the crosswalks and a study on no turn on red on a specifically dangerous intersection.

Might be helpful.

You should definitely not copy the desired article's DOI number and put it into "https://sci-hub.se/" so you can access the article for free. Definitely not.

I think my professor really likes the san antonio spurs but I'm not sure

ODU to migrate to Instructure Canvas LMS starting Summer 2022

Hopefully its less of a pain to deal with than blackboard tends to be.

I transferred here from TNCC and TNCC uses canvas, I found it easier than Blackboard

thank god. Canvas is a far superior product

Seems like a good plan. I was using Blackboard there a few years ago and now using Canvas at another school. I like Canvas way better. It was easier to learn and much more user friendly.

https://odu.edu/its/news/2021/9/lms_migration More info here

Dam I'm going to have so many flashbacks to highschool next year

Coming from canvas it was a pain trying to find everything on BB and the other sites instructors use. Canvas was so much simpler.

Yeah I hope the professors using other systems consolidate into canvas. Logging into systems within systems is very tedious

ODU SAFETY TIMELY WARNING about Covid-19 outbreak in dorms As part of Old Dominion University’s commitment to transparency and the timely sharing of information, we want to make you aware that our COVID-19 testing has identified what could be the beginning of an uptick in positive results among symptomatic and asymptomatic students who live on campus. We have also identified an outbreak (defined by the Virginia Department of Health as five or more positive cases) of 14 people in the Whitehurst residence hall, which houses 389 students. Additionally, we are monitoring cases in other residence halls. this came out Thursday seem buried already ....

Saw on news a few nights ago about a small outbreak in ODU.

Oh how I missed getting these emails about robberies happening in my building...

Snowy ODU campus from above

It's nice that you can see they plowed the top floor of the parking lots by the Tedd and by the library.

Is that from today? It looks a lot better than it did yesterday.

Which is amazing, because they couldn't be bothered to plow any other street besides Hampton.

[Haha, from the ODU Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/Old.Dominion.University)

In all fairness, they have many more streets to plow with very little equipment to do it.

Lion Fountain

It's toilet water season again!

Love me a good toilet water fountain

Webb Chickfila Anybody get Chick-fil-A from Webb this evening and have their chicken smell/taste like cigarette smoke? Mine did and I ate it because I spent money on it and im seriously regretting it because I think i have food poisoning now. Please tell me someone else had smoke chicken and I wasn't just crazy unlucky

Smoke chicken 😭😭😭

That was not the Lord's chicken. It was the devil's hen

I hate ODU food 😭

You're literally cooked 😭

You should complain

A right of passage

Cigarette smoke actually isn’t bad for you. My mom smoked like a biker bar and I’m like a genius. I can only focus on like 3 things though.

are they smoking inside or something

Science disagrees with you but okay

I think so. I got it again tonight and got the same result. I've gotten it throughout the week it's not been like this. This is now the second Tuesday in a row I've gotten chicken like this. I'm avoiding them now.

Joke went over your head bud.

I’m a lil stupid

Virtual Meeting on 8 week online Is anybody else in this meeting because he is just seriously trying to act like the accelerated classes will not be rushed and not one size fits all. It is ridiculous that he is trying act like this will work for everyone.

He’s a horrible president please attend and let him know! There’s ways to veto him I can guarentee it

Meeting was a waste of breath for students. Feels like they’ve made their decision without the people actually taking the classes in mind. Hence why it’s such a sudden shift.

Yes. I was also there and I totally agree. They don't give a damn about diverse learning needs. Money is the bottom line. There is no way that they will effectively and consciously convert and tailor every single program to an effective format in this timeframe. Even if they started in 2021 like he tried to imply at the end.

I’ve already applied elsewhere for next fall. I have 0 interest in his bullshit

I also put in the Q&A section about how he is bringing up statistics of how well the eight week courses are doing right now but these are people who chose that course they chose that speed they weren't forced into it and I got no response I got no response to 2 of my questions that I put in there and I know they saw them because they responded to other people after I posted them because they would not allow the chat function on zoom

I think everyone is invited to it. There are two of them, I think. And another two in person.

I guess he has never worked while in school. I chose to go to school while working full time so I could get my company to pay for classes. This wont work for everyone at all.

How does this not affect FAFSA if you’re only allotted a certain amount per semester but then you’re taking double the classes (per their “hope” to get done faster) ? Am I missing something

Is there any recording of this meeting? I just learned about this today, went on a whole email spree, so I missed the one from yesterday

Can someone explain what happened? Is every course 8 weeks now????

yes I agree with you that he's a horrible president because like he was cutting people off and not even listening to any of the feedback he was given. one of the people in the meeting literally said that they came from an online school that only had eight week classes and they left and came to ODU because of the fact that it didn't work for them and now ODU is doing this BS. I said in the meeting how it seems like he only cares about the on campus students and the possible "future students". That he doesn't care about us online students and how our schedules work.

The people teaching the class weren't consulted either

It’s a mess trying to create and manage the course schedule already; no one needs 8-week classes complicating it further. No one likes it except the ones worried about making money

Faculty here. It’s true that there has been a push during his tenure to create more 8-week courses, as well as programs that would consist of entirely accelerated course offerings. I developed one this past year, and our department has 10 courses that are taught in both 8- and 16-week formats. However, it was only decided this summer that every course would move to this format for next fall. So to suggest we’ve been “working on this” for four years would be a significant misrepresentation of reality, even for a department that HAS been working on this. This is to say nothing of the departments who have done no development in this area.

Wait jk I think I get it… same *number* of classes, less time. Nvm lol. I am an idiot my b carry on

I would do your own research before you start hating… if you have the option or ability, just go somewhere else. They’re not budging so don’t support, don’t stay :/

All online courses will be asynchronous and accelerated into 8 weeks. Each “semester” (fall, spring, summer) will have two 8-week sessions.

I've been briefed by higher ups the decision is made for and he refuses to change. So vote his ass out tbh

He said that he planned to implement these changes from the beginning when he first arrived at the university and that he has been taking steps to make this happen since then.

That’s insane

How do yall do it?

I wish it was possible to unlearn.

Idk. It’s perspective. I use music to block out other ambient noises. If you are looking to enhance your learning experience try wordless music, instrumentals, mozart, or jazz. Play the volume low since You should already be studying in a quiet area. The volume should be low enough so your music does not interrupt your thoughts. Your mind will intrinsically pick up the tones. Graduate to music with words but you will learn certain genres are better than others. Music has a way of affecting you emotions which can be a distraction if your sensitive to that kind of input so be mindful. It should make studying a tad bit more fun but nothing more.

The dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.

Acceptable but I did not miss you lol

Depends on the subject for me. I can listen to audiobooks while doing math and music with everything else. But I also tend to constantly have some audio playing around me.

It's gotta be something without lyrics or something with lyrics I don't understand for me. I just need something to block out the noise I can't control.

I wish I want as fussy about my studying set up but I have to be at home and have everything just so.

Is it dangerous on ODU’s campus? My kid is a senior in high school. We’re doing a last minute scramble for colleges right now. She has a lot of acceptances, but financial aid packages aren’t quite what we were expecting. ODU seems to check a lot of boxes of what she is looking for, although it’s not a school that we’re really familiar with. As soon as I mentioned the school, she went onto TikTok. (I guess that’s your generation’s research tool.) She’s now leery about the school because people were talking about gunshots. Is campus safe? Give me the pros and cons of going to school there.

Main campus is generally safe she be fine just don’t walk around at night alone. You will sometimes hear gunshots near campus but its never random its always people having personal disputes. I never felt unsafe on campus I been here 7 years im in grad school now.

It’s a city atmosphere so it’s smart to walk with friends at night. But we are locals (live in Va beach) and our Daughter is a Senior who has lived in an apartment all four years right next to campus. She’s had a great experience and no issues whatsoever.

It’s fine as long as you make good choices. Don’t be wandering off campus in the middle of the night, y’know?

It has improved as the campus has expanded. I went to school there in the late 90s and early 2000s and am a local. The suggestions of the other posters is accurate though. Be aware of your surroundings and don't be walking late at night off campus alone. It's not the boogeyman people make it out to be though.

I, a thin white-passing girl, use to walk around the campus at 1am all the time when I went there. There are student security guards who's job it is to roam the campus and keep an eye out for suspicious activity. If you were anxious about walking alone at night, you could actually request an escort, and the student security would send someone to walk you to your dorm. Idk if they still have it but they also had a shuttle service you could request to drive you to certain parts of the campus at night too. I always felt safe despite people warning me other wise. Not saying there is zero crime but I feel like some people over play the amount of crime that happens on campus.

What I’m about to say can all be taken with a grain of salt. I’m a commuter student so I drive everyday to get to classes and then stay for the entire day until I decide it’s time to head back home across the HRBT. TL;DR: I have no safety complaints for ODU campus, in regards of safety it’s absolutely fine. However, I can’t say the same for Norfolk. Pros -Good tuition prices (compared to our sister schools in the area) we have fairly low credit hour pricing and our resident halls I would like to say are on the lower end. -Vibrant campus community, if there’s something of interest there’s surely someone/some group who shares an interest. -Diverse community, we have hundreds of people from different walks of life here, I’m sure your daughter would fit in. -Safety, the main campus area is safe in all intensive purposes, we have our proper police department, cameras and surveillance equipment everywhere to keep an eye out, well lit areas at night for visibility, and we have accreditations for our police department. I assume your daughter is smart enough to be aware of where she’s going and all. Cons -The city of Norfolk itself. While campus is fine and all and there’s no complaints about safety apart from the occasional alert and what now, the city itself isn’t known to be the best in safety, it obviously has its areas you want to avoid but I know your daughter is smart enough, so long as she stays in populated areas and around campus I’m sure she’ll be just fine. -Parking, I have my own complaints about parking and it could definitely get some improvements, there aren’t many areas to park for commuters, faculty, and residents. -Traffic, the traffic on Hampton Blvd will 100% get noisy, congested, and horrendous at times of the day, so whether she decides to commute or reside on campus that could be a consideration. -Staff, I recommend using rate my profesor for this one but there are going to be a handful of garbage tier professors that will suck but by using RMP you can easily avoid them and it will make life easier. I apologize if I may have sound crude or blunt in the test above, but if you would like to know more I HIGHLY encourage you to ask around more and get more opinions and information from other students, especially from those who live on and around the campus. Best of luck to you and your daughter! Go Monarchs!

I think a lot of ODU's reputation for being dangerous or ghetto comes from racism/classism tbh. It's definitely a PWI but it's a lot more diverse and accessible than say tech or UVA. It's also more of a "weed" campus than an "alcohol" campus (I mean, weed is still illegal here but that doesn't stop anyone who wants to partake) if that makes sense. I don't think that makes it unsafe, but it does give it a reputation for being trashier because alcohol in college is more socially acceptable. I've never had any issues with safety (they exist, but just personally Ive been fine). ODU PD, the WGEC, and Housing and Residence life are pretty proactive about safety and clery act reporting and Title IX compliance, and there's tons of programs like Safe Ride and safety escorts. If you go looking for trouble you can find it, but it's generally a lovely campus. Other factors- Affordability is great; I get tons of scholarships through the school (I mean, I get good grades and demonstrate financial need, but they exist if you put the work in to earn them). Housing- No communal baths in any of the dorms, which is nice. And there's only single and double rooms- no triples anymore. Some of the Halls are great- some are less great. But honestly, as far as dorm rooms go, they're all livable. Housing is only guaranteed to freshman though so keep that in mind. Faculty- I've had great experiences, but it really does vary by department. We don't have a whole lot of illustrious world-renowned professors, but I tend to prefer a professor who actually likes to teach and interact with students in addition to research and publishing so I don't think it's a bad thing necessarily Misc: • Food is decent but not much variety and not tons of healthy options. Food is contracted out through a company called Aramark and it can be hit or miss. • I find health services to be a bit lacking; It's fine if you need a strep test, but it couldnt substitute a primary care physician (not that it needs to- just something to consider). There's no pharmacy on campus and the CVS near campus is kind of a headache to deal with. Counseling services are pretty good though and there's no limit to the number of appointments per semester. There's also free personal training and a campus dietician. • Parking is a nightmare. ODU used to be a commuter school, and then they built dorms where parking lots used to be and now there's no parking. And most of the things to do off-campus in Norfolk (zoo, downtown, and waterfront, that kinda thing) are not walkable or easily accessed through public transportation

I’m doing my post grad work here. My undergraduate was in Maine it was one of the least safe campuses in the country. This campus is safer. If it’s safer than Maine it’s safe.

I was there for 7 years, undergrad + grad school + my first adjunct position and I never felt unsafe but I was also used to the area. Campus is generally quite safe. She should take reasonable precautions at night like don’t go walking off campus alone. The police department is right there on Monarch Way and were always quick & responsive.

ODU’s campus is like a bubble of safety/cleanliness that exists smack dab in the middle of the ghetto. Whenever a violent crime happens on campus they send out a mass notification through school email. In the two years I was there I only received two notifications, one was a mugging, one was a sexual assault, both occurred at 2am while the victim was walking alone. In terms of campus life and the educational experience, it’s a good university. There is a higher percentage of women than men at the university and they all seem to be thriving and having fun, making connections, joining groups and things like that. It really is a standard university and college experience, it just suffers from its location a bit. The last criticism I have is that it’s kind of located in a food desert. If your daughter doesn’t have a car to travel to different restaurants or to a grocery store, she’ll have no choice but to eat the same 5 or 6 fast food options that are available on campus everyday, for every meal (Chick-Fil-A, Qdoba, Subway, Panda Express, a burger place, and a pizza place. I was a commuter so this wasn’t a problem for me, but I often wondered how the residential students managed to get even a semi healthy diet.

Hey I went to Tech and I would have sworn to you it was safe- who would have thought 32 people would be shot and killed there? If she doesn’t think she’ll feel safe then don’t make her go there. Wherever she ends up going teach here ways to stay safe: travel in groups at night, don’t overuse alcohol or any other mind altering substance because you are more likely to be a victim of violence, robbery, sexual assault and accidental injury.

The numbered streets is generally where the bad things happen. Campus is safe

Honestly I've been attending here and I haven't felt unsafe however it gets crazy at night. Some people have gotten robbed. So please tell her to not walk alone at night. The only thing I don't like is the lack of security. ODU is a public campus so anyone can walk on school grounds. People even bring their kids here to have them walk around for a bit

It’s totally safe around campus.

i walked around campus at night as a woman so many times. i went to frats, bars, house parties, all of it. never felt genuinely unsafe. there is somewhat of a catcalling problem around the area and i would say as a woman just keep aware of your surroundings. it gets a bad reputation but just use common sense and you should be fine.

Inattentive staff (not referring to professors…they’re the same everywhere) I felt the entire school set up from the beginning was unprofessional…dorms,etc., were a sh**show and we have a bunch of kids who attended colleges in several states I felt the entire area was unsafe and couldn’t stand the “open campus” (referring to vehicles and people outside the college having access to the campus) Barring sharing too much… we all have PTSD

No. Stop listening to what you read online and actually visit the campus. Everybody thinks VT and UVA or safe campuses and look what happened there....

Honestly I only know of one person who got assaulted and it was feral middle schoolers throwing rocks at them so like... I'd be more scared of children than guns.

My wife and I both graduated ODU in the 80’s and it was much scarier then but never a problem. Things are worse now with guns, etc. but ODU has really changed into a nice Camus since the 80’s is a little less costly than most. I think it’s safe. My daughters went to VT because we worried about safety. It was expensive and no financial help. About $100k each counting room/board for their 4 year degree before grad school. Education costs are crazy! But should come down as college enrollment drops drastically. Best wishes!

Some are mentioning traffic. This depends on time of day and if you mean getting to ODU from the other side of the HRBT or if you mean within Norfolk. Hampton Blvd sucks due to the large semi trucks but this traffic doesn’t compare to NOVA/DC kind of traffic.

Violence and criminal activity is literally everywhere … each city / county has their ghetto’s and suburban areas… yes i hear gunshots sometimes but ODU police, security guards and norfolk police is just down the street from odu … Im sure your daughter will be fine , only reason she could ever get caught up with that stuff if she’s a “party girl” … like i said crime is everywhere… I’m sure any other college she chooses will be crime too , if your scared bc of that then i would suggest odu global or community college.

I really wish the university would take over that entire neighborhood. It is such an eyesore. The residents there live like animals.

Son is currently in his third year there. Residential student. I had exactly the same concerns you are mentioning and, looking back on it, totally overblown. The campus itself is very safe. Has its own police department. Can you get into trouble in a city where city stuff happens, sure. If your kid isn’t looking for trouble she won’t find trouble. Now let me give you some of the positives: Love the athletics - D1 Football, Basketball, etc. Tons of food and living options. Variety of academic programs. Very diverse — will meet people from many different background. We are big ODU supporters.

I have seen a person get shot infront of my house on Killam Street. My younger brother has started going there and immediately said it was ghetto and just dirty. I can attest that the place is just dirty, cheap, and ghetto. There are security guards at night I have seen them multiple nights its multiple areas . There are also Norfolk locals who might try to run a navy federal scam on her😂 ODU PD won’t be much help since they don’t seem to be competent in anything other than setting up students to get DUI’s. I genuinely wouldn’t recommend this school. Only reason I went is because I don’t get any financial aid and I pay out pocket so I wanted to commute from VB. The school doesn’t have an academic atmosphere you would look for in an University/College.

Completely regret ever sending my daughter to ODU for a million reasons

There can be danger anywhere lol

Stay away from Killam Ave, a van followed me for atleast 15 mins till I found a group of people and it sped off

I’m a nsu student ODU is about a 10 mintue drive from nsu the parties in the neighborhood around odu aren’t the safest since I been at nsu Mutiple nsu student gotten killed going to odu parties

I’m a freshman and a Nursing major, overall I think ODU is great school. From what I’ve experienced and seen since fall semester is how diverse the school is and how friendly people can be. For the safety of it, like everyone else is saying just be careful at night. Of course we’re in the city and this is an open campus there are some concerns for your child but there’s not much that goes on. I have a night class that doesn’t end till 10 pm and I don’t suspect any danger on the walk back to my dorm. Just as long as your child is aware of her surroundings she’ll be fine. Hope I could help!

Yeah and don’t meander down past International Terminal Blvd… that’s Navy territory

After tonight’s tragic event. Definitely not.

Campus is safe. The areas on the north side of campus and west side are safe. Its the areas off campus on the south side and the east side that get a little sketchy. But I never had any issues and I was all over that campus at all hours of the night and never had any issues.

Great neighborhood on one side Larchmont, but the other direction off campus Park Place area is a bad area. There is a lot of gun play and drug dealing. I hear gun shots almost every night. It’s a shame really b/c I live in Norfolk, it does have some great neighborhoods.

ODU has great programs and is safe when the sun is up. The fact that multiple posts point to young women not walking at night, speaks volumes about how our urban society is failing overall.

there’s generally some case of shooting or armed robbery off campus once per year. sometimes this happens on campus as well. last semester there was an armed robbery in the quad dorm and a month after that there was a guy walking around with a gun. id say it’s safe if you do not go anywhere alone as a woman at night, especially off campus. the one time i went off campus at night alone i was followed 😭 if you want somewhere that’s known for being safe odu is not the place. students are desensitized to all the nonsense that has happened over the years lol

ODU’s campus is not the safest in comparison to say JMU/UVA/VATECH, but about on par with VCU. Hope that helps.

As someone who’s graduated last may & has been there since Aug. of 2018, I agree, never felt unsafe on campus at all.

This is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you!

This is extremely helpful. Thank you.

residential student here: we simply do not get a good diet LMAO

This is literally from a search today. It’s a school that wasn’t on our radar at all until today. I also suspect that she’s finding reasons to dislike schools that aren’t her dream school simply because she desperately wants to go there, even though the money might not work out. As parents, we’re trying to help her find alternatives.

"My daughters went to VT because we worried about safety. " [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia\_Tech\_shooting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Tech_shooting) The irony.

Can you explain those reasons? I know nothing about ODU other than my 24 hour internet research.

This. Others comparing safety at Tech and UVA but ODU just had a shooting on campus (whether it was students or not, a dispute or random), a shooting still happened and people died on campus.

its safest for women especially not to go to frat parties. Most major incidents I can think have happened of campus at one of them.

Agreed on all points I was a commuter living in vb and then my senior year I moved to norfolk (off campus about a 7min drive away) I took night classes walked around at 10-11pm on campus and to the parking areas and never felt unsafe. I had friends that lived on campus (just across the street) that I would frequently visit as well, and it was never a fear for my safety. The weed, though omlllll they smoke up the apartments across the street. However, I worked downtown sometimes getting off at 12-1am - I would not walk around alone at night. Even the neighborhood I moved to If i did not need to be outside, im not really outside. I never had a problem walking home alone from a bar or something around the block, but I wouldn't recommend someone unfamiliar to the area to do so. There were gunshots near my apartment a couple of times, which wasn't great. Downtown was a decent amount of homeless or drunk people hanging around or in front of the norva (concert venue) after shows. I chalk that up to the difference between students and locals the level of safety. In general, the area surrounding ODU I felt pretty safe in, and if she is to leave campus at night, be aware and make good choices. Norfolk is a lot of fun. I still preferred it over virginia beach when it came to going out. The campus has a good culture its really diverse, theres lots of places to meet people and form friendships off campus if she pleases, the proffesors generally are great and the counselors in my experience were very helpful in making sure I was on track or helping me navigate switching majors. The students are cool, and theres lots of club activities to participate in. Bonus price wise doesn't break the bank, especially if you're in state. I recommend it. I was a commuter & a local I made a ton of friends over the years and most ended up being through groups I found off campus, though the on campus clubs I joined & sat in helped me make a good smaller group of friends as well. -Edit: I never had too much trouble finding places to park in a garage unless I chose to try to find one that was campus side. Parking on 43rd by the mcdonalds was usually my best bet, even during 8ams. Hampton blvd though during peak hours is aweful definitely leave early. Also, parking pass prices for commuters creeping up every year feels like a robbery. Make sure your pass is up to date parking tickets, I think, were $50 per violation. (I remember when they were $25 🥲)

What other schools is she considering?

Where does this random door lead? Anyone know what this strangely fortified door leads to?

Plenty of older buildings with renovations have walled off windows where you can’t even tell there is a window on the inside but you can see on the outside.

It’s a window. It’s boarded up. I work in MGB and half the windows are boarded up.

That’s actually my office.

We’d tell you but we’d have to kill you. /s

Sometimes windows are even designed into the building but not actually built, like the east wall of the oceanography building. Lots of window outlines bricked into the wall but no windows

Yeah but it has a handle. Door boarded up?

😆😆 Is it all walled up, or is it still a door? We need to see the other side!

I mean, if you need to board up a perfectly door-sized window and happen to have a spare door, why not use it?

It’s been a while I’ve been pretending to work for 15 years. Still getting checks.

Did any of your teachers accuse you of using AI? My professor in my history class is saying that I use AI according to Turnitin. They want me to either fail the class or have it taken up by Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity where I will have a hearing. I didn’t use it so I have no idea how they could say I did. They basically are trying to have me prove a negative. What do you think I should do? These are the options given to me. Option A: Voluntary Resolution (Incident resolved between faculty and student) The faculty communicated with the student, explains the alleged violation, and proposes sanctions. The student acknowledges the violation. The student accepts the proposed sanctions. The faculty and the student sign the Academic Integrity Violation Report Form. Form and referral materials forwarded to OSCAI. Option B: Hearing (Incident Referred directly to OSCAI and a hearing takes place) Appropriate in the following situations: The severity of the alleged violation warrants a response greater than a grade sanction. The student denies the allegation(s). The student does not agree to faculty-proposed sanctions.

I would say fight it if you didn't use any AI to write the paper. here is an example from Vanderbilt on why they aren't using Turnitin's AI detection feature https://www.vanderbilt.edu/brightspace/2023/08/16/guidance-on-ai-detection-and-why-were-disabling-turnitins-ai-detector/ so I would do some research on more articles to help build your case on why the feature has flaws

Start by researching the veracity of Turnitin and/or run your own Turnitin or similar analysis to see if it is true.

If you were using word (perhaps other apps) with auto save, you can present a log of your writing and save points

There is no technology that can tell if you used ai or not. It is literally impossible. It would be one thing if your quality of writing wildly went up or down but turn it in said it’s ai written should not hold water.

I instructed graduate students in biochemistry on how to use AI in a protein-folding assignment. They were to find the sequence of a protein and use Alphafold2 via Google Colab to determine the 3D structure. This is not using “text generative AI”, such as chatGPT. But nonetheless, they used AI as part of the course. AI is here to stay. Learn to use it, properly, or you will be at a disadvantage. But, as Peter Parker’s grandfather once said, “With great power comes great responsibility.”

It does not matter. Like everyone is saying, if you didn’t use AI then you didn’t use AI. We trust you are being honest here. Fight it. Do not take this punishment from them. Perhaps try and have a sit down or zoom/phone call with your academic advisor. Tell them your situation. Be confident. Your hesitance like you have in these comments could make them even more suspicious so be confident.

Some professors are lazy and don’t even read your work if Turnitin says you plagiarized. Deny the allegation and take Option B. The hearing will be your opportunity to present whatever evidence you have that you didn’t do anything wrong. ODU professors have had training available on AI and the limits of AI detection in Turnitin, so they shouldn’t be relying on it to begin with. They have also had training available for designing coursework more effectively for the age of generative AI. Your professor should know better on both counts. If you really didn’t use AI, then I can only assume this is happening to you because of your prof being lazy in both grading and continuing education. Good luck.

Thank you I am thinking of bringing it to their attention. I also called the office of student conduct and academic integrity and the guy couldn’t tell what choice I should do but he did inform me that many people are calling them about their professors doing the same thing. I hope ODU will look and correct themselves before this affects to many people.

No but I did notice that added section about it on the syllabus. Those type of programs aren’t that accurate anyway, and it is absolute ridiculous. Just like everyone else I strongly suggest you fight it. Don’t let stuff like this win!

remember, Ai still thinks the declaration of independence is written by ai, Also , you cant fail someone for getting the right answer (how they got there is irrelevant) , teachers are looking for a way to be lazy and just scan homework into some garbage system. If anything, report the teacher for trying to be lazy and use some auto reading tool to read your hard work, demand they work for their paycheck instead of using a scanner and some 100$ subscription to a scam app.

So what ended up happening? I’m in the exact same boat and have requested a hearing.. I’m curious how it’s going to go.

Nah I graduated before that became an issue lmao

That’s why I am so upset cause I didn’t use AI and it’s saying that I did. Most of the highlighted AI is quotes directly from the textbook that I was using at my citations. I just don’t know how they can use unproven technology to fail me.

I did and it’s says about 23% was AI assist. When the teacher showed theirs it says 60%. Even the honor code is highlighted and shown as AI assisted. The only thing g I can think of is the school is paying for a better version of Turnitin than I used.

Thanks I would love to force them to prove it, but in the teacher eyes the Turnitin has already proved it and now I have to either go with what she believes or go in front of a board and hope they hear me out.

Ok thank you that is a good idea. I just don’t know if the teacher will even look at evidence at this point. They want me to choose either option A or B. I don’t want to do Option A but I want this over with and I don’t want some type of worse punishment if I go with Option B.

Makes sense but you knew they would have to use AI to get the answers that they needed. For me there just isn’t any info on it as to why my paper would be AI no prove or anything I can refute cause there is no evidence in the first place.

Option B makes them prove it

Seems like the professor had a change a heart and realize what they did was wrong. Did option A. Did all the paper work and sign it. Then the professor stopped responding to OSCAI. They posted my grade and I stopped talking to OSCAI. OSCAI reached out but I ignore it and everything has been good.

I’m graduating this coming semester and am glad bc this is ridiculous!

Yeah from my limited understanding of AI it’s going to pull information from sources somewhere so if it looks at your textbook too then it will most likely sound similar, and if you cited your sources I would think you are in the good

Fight them.

Because they are fools. I’m so sick of hearing AI, maybe they should rethink their entire existence. Like why do we need their dumb Gen-Ed’s if I wanna learn history I’ll just read a book. Jeez

Run it again to repeat the experiment. If you can prove the percentage of AI assist is not constant then that hopefully should reduce the veracity of their score/case. Does it show you the similar articles? Maybe there is info on Turnitin that shows how they determine AI assist. I’m not sure how that is even possible.

The most difficult part of school is the administrative nonsense. As long as you can prove substantially through a log showing you weren’t pasting large blocks of text into word and that it was an iterative process, they can’t prove AI use whatsoever. If you have the log, tell them you will take option C, “we handle this now and you come to your senses”. If no movement, bring in the department chair to the email string. Stand your ground and be your own advocate!

Yea mine is hell bent on hemming me up. I’ve been nothing but nice to her and even told her I would re-do it or take zeros on the two assignments she’s saying turnitin says I used AI on but she said her policy is to fail me completely 🥲

Exactly I what get it if I didn’t cite something correctly or someone other reason but from what I am seeing there is no reason that Turnitin is correct or has any prove of anything. Thats why is the most upsetting cause you can really prove a negative. We are supposed to be innocent till proven guilty and this doesn’t feel that way.

Smart idea I will run it though again and see if it changes the score. No it just highlighted what it saw as AI generated/assisted writing. The first thing was the ODU honor code which I thought was strange but I guess ODU could have made a new one using AI. Then mostly my citations that I made sure to properly cite. There is no info on how they get the idea that you use AI just that it does and I have to believe it.

Run a few of the prof's publications through it while you're at at. Keep in mind that the burden of proof is on the prof and, being a history prof he is unlikely to have the technical chops to understand how good the results are. I got a CS degree there in 1990, have heard of several cases of this happening and am tempted to push the CS department to help educate the dimmer faculty.

Report your findings to the administration. If your Turnitin is only pinging the honor code and citations, then your professor’s assertion that the body of your paper is AI generated is unfounded and false. Also, bring up that there is absolutely no transparency on how Turnitin determines whether something is AI generated or not. Being a higher level education institution, ODU should not just take Turnitin’s lack of response as an accurate tool to determine plagiarism, especially when a paying student’s academic is at stake. If they give you issue, I’d go as far as the president’s office. They can’t accuse you of plagiarism with such a baseless claim.

My English teacher at ODU was super bad with this and was constantly accusing people of it, even myself when I never used it. I ended up getting full credit but it seems like it’s been a theme. If it came down to it and she stuck her ground I was going to fight it. If you did not plagiarize, fight it.

If you’re able, please do. This is dangerous for faculty and students alike to be accused of without any backing.

I'll see if I can round up some other alumni to sign onto it, too.

Thank you for that kindness to those coming behind you!

Go, Big Blue!

ODU graduation ticket scam Bruh it’s nothing but scammers on here taking students’ emails and tryna scam with them. Don’t fall for it y’all. Someone just tried to scam my friend using my email lol. If someone is using an email ending in gord011 it’s a scam!!

ODU's Fall 2020 Reopen Plan

[Link to further details about the plan.](https://odu.edu/blueprint)

So overall it both starts earlier but is also a shorter semester?

This is how I felt walking to my midterm today

[This is pretty much the only thing I saw walking to class today.](http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2012/10/29/154886253_slide-b505ef75fae089b08e0d8e7f5e32b49e295b70bf-s6-c30.jpg)

Welcome to ODU's rainy season! Invest in some flip flops to walk through the rain in. I know it will make your feet cold, but flip flops will dry MUCH easier than your shoes after a long trip to and from class. Especially if you're headed to BAL or the health building.

Yep, wore flip flops to the first Towson and JMU football games when I was there. Both games were monsoons. My friends joked on me until their shoes and socks filled with water.

So who put this up in front of England?

I saw this yesterday. I was... mildly amused.

awesome. i'm going to visit that tomorrow

haha I walk past that like every day and missed it. I shall have to find it tomorrow.

Would've thought whitehurst'd be a better smoke spot.

haha just came here to see if anyone caught this too haha

I seriously hope this isn't a smoke spot... It's right under the monorail

The 'monorail' that is for shade and avoiding rain?

Exactly. How funny are we walking under it like ants when it rains?

O yeah you know the multi-million dollar umbrella?

happy cake day

ZEROOOO To my fellow reddittors I have been zeroed out!!!!! Happy refunding!!!!🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼

*runs to check*.... *sobs*

Mine says negative the amount but i still haven’t received the email saying the refund has been issued yet

ME TOOOOOOOO

How long after it ‘zero’s’ do you usually get the refund…? As mine has now ‘zeroed’ however there’s nothing under the refund tab for me yet. (Though I’m not sure if that wouldn’t show up until after the refund has processed).

MINE ZEROED OUT

Today is a good day.

What is this medical group 3 balance im now seeing?

Did anyone else receive the email, but still have a negative balance?

I’m so sorry 😭

Nvm it’s says zero now

You should have it tomorrow!

I would give it a couple hours

Did they make a separate term called medical group 3 for you? Because that just popped up for me

So happy for all of you 🙌🏼🫶🏼

I'm calling rn

it might just be an accounting thing so the refunds are under a separate “code” for their ledger so to speak, I mean I did hear they’re under audit right now so

I think most of us have zeros out. Did you?

Thank you so much!

That would be awesome if it came today!

Mine says this as well. Does it say RALL

I got the medical group 3 as well what tf is that??

Me too I was so confused. Hoping we all see that EALL for the electronic refund shortly!

Should I call and who do I call?

I am calling as well

Yes it did later on. Thank you for the response

I should've clarified, it should show up in the refund tab in a few hours

I rlly dunno but as long as it gets me my money I'll be that 😤

I have the same message with RALL

I'll update you when I get connected

I feel like if we all call at the same time itll just take longer to get answers

Gotcha! Still appreciate it though thanks! This is my first go around so I’ve definitely been learning the whole process for the last week!

Give update

We don't know if its a per individual error or a widespread error.

Welcome to ODU!!!! It's really fun here 😌

I will ASAP I promise!!!

Plus we should see if each of us gets a different answer.

It's a bunch of people dealing with it so I'm assuming it's widespread

I mean it's up to you, I've been on hold about 12 minutes

I have the same thing. From what I gathered it's just a place holder that ODU uses and it'll update on its own.

Just update me

I'll make a post when I hear something

Have you heard anything

Been on hold 40 minutes

Petition to save Sentara college Hey y’all, asking for a favor from one Hampton Roads college to another. In short, my school is trying to shut down and force us to another school to complete our nursing degree. It’s heartbreaking for us, all the work and effort we put in and may be for next to nothing. If you have a minute please sign the petition to help out, or share if you wouldn’t mind.

Who's graduating in May?

Meee finally 🥳

Me but I don't know anyone 😞

Me! Finally!

Never too late!

So true. I came so close to bombing out of ODU but managed to turn myself around and finish. I'm so glad I did. 11 years later, I have a decent job and am married to a wonderful partner.

You are worthy!!

What's the best place to get pizza on campus?

Del Vec’s. Thats monarch fuel

Del vecchios on Hampton, then Cogans on colley.

Del Vec's was my go-to spot. They had great lunch specials when I used to go there.

Bro will not stop spamming memes here

Del vecchios was the spot fr

Del Vec’s, they keep the monarchs going baby.

Del Vec for sure. Make sure to get their hot wings, too. It'll change your life fr

Would definitely go with Del Vecchios

Semester breaks, eh?

I miss classes 😭

I MISS THE QUIETNESS OF MY ROOM LET ME GO BACKKKKKKKKKK DORMS OPEN EARLY PLEASE

Professor is saying I am uploading work that isn’t my own? I’m taking a sociology class and my professor keeps grading my work as a 0 and saying I am being dishonest by uploading work that isn’t my own?! I do all the readings, take extensive notes and write the papers myself so I’m so confused as to how this keeps happening. I literally include things from the chapters we read as specifics and mention things we discuss in class that are specific to me? I don’t understand how I could be stealing someone’s writing? Does anyone know what I can do? She asked to email to meet and I emailed but waiting for her to get back to me is killing me. I excel academically and even want a future in academia so I don’t want this to mess anything up to me, especially since I am being honest?

Show up during office hours and prove its yours with documentation showing the assignments or essays you did were done by you (any real application can do this) also if you have nothing to fear run it by your advisor then go to the office of academic honesty and tell them this to get ahead of your professor making a false claim and destroying your academics

In both Word and Docs you are able to see the edit history. I know in Docs it literally shows everything you’ve done, starting with a blank page. Show her that

the only thing you really can do is wait for their response, or show up during their office hours.

If you’re actually writing them and not plagiarizing then you’ll be fine. If you and others are using ChatGPT or AI or (actually plagiarizing) and it’s getting detected or creating very similar outputs then yeah you fucked up. These professors get hundreds of students a year. They aren’t looking to hand out 0’s and accuse students of something that will get them expelled without actual evidence.

Are you properly citing all of your sources

Why weren't you knocking down her door at office hours the first time she gave you a 0? You should have been HORRIFIED to be accused of plagiarism, and you should have let her know this.

This is the not the first time you’ve been accused of this.

Find one of your professor's published works. Put it through the same AI plagiarism checker. Then send her the results.

They have software that can look for plagiarism. Are you using AI to write papers?

I saw she keeps rescheduling a meeting with u show up unannounced if she fails to help you let her know you will be taking the next steps of going to the office bc shes just playing in your face at this point

Are you properly citing (footnotes) things that you “literally include” from the texts? If I misunderstood your use of the word litterally, and you do provide appropriate citations, then I don’t understand the instructor’s action. In any case, they owe you a better explanation.

Lmao I never had problems because I actually wrote all my work. If you are getting flagged you are plagiarizing and need to be educated on original material.

Update: she believed me and things have been worked out. All is good.

To me there is nothing wrong with using AI to help draw ideas for a paper but you certainly shouldn’t plug and chug. I use chat gpt all the time to help explain things because 90% of professors suck at lectures and leave you more confused than when you started.

Do you know what I do to view it in Word?

These AI trackers are so cracked. They’re saying people’s independent work is plagiarized all over the place. It just looks for overused words and things like that so. She’s probably not doing any real grading or following up on the screening tech. Lazy professor.

Well, I have my writing intensive class directly during her office hours and when she emailed me back she keeps rescheduling a meeting with me. But hopefully the one she scheduled Monday will work out. And I am horrified and she definitely knows.

And it was the same issue as them that it was verified by turnitin and they ended up getting proved right.

That was my friend mate, not me

I mean I agree with using it to explain things, but using it to write your paper is nothing thing. My issue with all of this was they’re using AI to verify if you’re using AI…doesn’t make much sense, the paper she showed me that got flagged for AI, literally flagged direct quotes, even though that should be flagged separately as plagiarism if anything. It’s annoying that I do my work but because other people aren’t I’m getting flagged for crap. As I stated in an update, it got worked out and I’m not in trouble, and the professor believes me, but it is still highly annoying.

Word is a bit trickier, that’s why I don’t personally use it. You’d have to have set it to track your changes OR have had auto-save on. If your auto save is on, go to “File”, “Info”, and “Version History”

Lol no, these NLP models also detects what **isn’t** AI generated (human created). If your “legitimate” work is *repeatedly* getting detected for issues then you’re cheating. Yes, sometimes there are variances but those are taken into account. If a professor is giving a 0 and wants to meet, they found irrefutable evidence. Professor is most likely going to show this evidence, give them a chance to confess, and (hopefully, if they’re a good professor) let them redo the work for submission and give a slap on the wrist.

I can guarantee you some professors are not paragons of perfect teaching like that. They’re not upholding some higher standard. Some professors really are just going to operate like I described. And I can guarantee you that the screening apps are equally fallible.

I can agree with this, I have inserted papers I have 100% written with my own notes and research. Still it comes up as AI generated. I always get scared of that, but it’s my own work so what can I do?

Even out of pure laziness, it's easier to pass someone through than to accuse them of cheating. Good professor, bad professor... Neither is going through the trouble unless they are convinced.

AI detection tools are used as an augmentation, not as a comprehensive solution. We both agree there are limitations to these systems which is *exactly* why manual work is still needed. I will disagree and say there are absolutely zero college professors are doing only what you claim for grading students. Also you do know these AI models take hundreds of thousands of papers from hundreds of universities over the past years. Isn’t it weird that all of a sudden in the past few years students are starting to write like an AI?

That is just not true. You forgot about vindictive professor. Some professors are looking for things like this and looking to fail students to seem like their class is hardcore. I’m not just jaded, this is the unfortunate reality.

Anyone know when refunds are coming? Ya girl is BROKE 😭

Some say after the first week of class, but from my experience it's whenever the hell odu feels like it.

boutta eat so good when this refund comes

Normally, if there's no issues with the system, I usually get mine 2 business days after disbursement. Last semester though was the exception because there were issues either the system from what was told so it took a lot longer. Looking at past emails, I'm hoping today because I need to get school books lol and that's normally when I get the email that the refund is going through so 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻

So at this point no one has a zero balance in erefunds? Once it goes negative to zero it means your refund has been processed.

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

Anyone got an update on their refund to share?

I spent 3 grand this summer, barely worked. I need my refund NOW

My email said it was just sent to my bank

The fact that they call it a “refund” is egregious. It’s still money you’re going to owe to the government when you’re done with school. Financial aid is a loan, it is not ‘aid’.

Oh fabulous lol

Yes, I was about to say the same cause like last fall I got the refund email on Monday the 21st and on Tuesday I got my refund in my bank account so I’m hoping for today🤞🤞🤞

Okay thank you!! Last semester it took a while for me because I was a late admit

Mine is still negative, but I have e-refunds set up so hopefully in the next couple of days it’ll hit my account

Putting in the legwork, thank you!! 🙏

Still nothing :(

I work a full time job and STILL need the money; it’s rough out here

I have multiple grants and scholarships that cover more than my tuition cost. I don’t have to pay it back

I have grants, kindly go fuck yourself :)

Just hope you get it at regular time 😭

I need textbooks and can’t buy them yet 🥲

Not this semester, fortunately. Grants covered everything because I just bought a house and make almost no money lol

I feel you cause I need materials for my class to and to broke to get any now

They did last semester when my grant went over my tuition payment. It helped me pay my monthly mortgage instead of campus housing

We really need to bring this back. (The tunnels are a joke. The water table is to high for tunnels.)

How old is this?

I’m down we don’t need pizza but. Let’s meet by the lions?

What are the chances I can get away with sneaking in a lightsaber on graduation day? Ok graduation day is May 4th, star wars day. What are the chances I can get away with sneaking in a lightsaber and what are the potential consequences?

I had the same thought when I found out graduation was May 4th lmfao

What are the chances you grow the hell up before graduation?

Seems like very “look at me” behavior on a day that should be about celebrating everyones accomplishments and hard work, not stupidity.

…what if President Hemphill has one of his own

Just ask them.

Maybe ask the principal first, or a cool administrator. Try to get it in writing. That way you can surprise everyone else but also have a Get Out Of Jail card if things go south. The real question is… is the graduation stage raised? Will you have the high ground? (…I don’t even know this school. Pretty sure this was recommended to me because it contains the word “lightsaber”.)

As a fellow graduate that will be there, I hope this happens

dew it 😈 please. it would be great

Pull it out after you've shook hands with people on stage and do a few moves as you step to the other side and down the stage

not bad odds of sneaking it in, just don’t make the mistake of revealing it before you’ve gone upstage and gotten your diploma

as a grad who will also be there and whose grad photos were star wars themed, do it.

I personally own two legit quality ones. Even have the attachment to make it a dual saber. I'd be willing to go home, grab them & let you guys use them if you aren't going to get in trouble or anything. DM me if you're interested! I was supposed to grab them and bring them to campus to have a battle with a dude I met on campus. Never had time to go grab them, but I still have his number. Is that person you?

I plan to stab you at graduation with an overpriced plastic toy

[I'm actuality, I plan to do something like this](https://images.app.goo.gl/EZC11biYmGrs9CWP6)

Dude…you must be so fun at parties

My gf screamed “Monarchs” instead of my name in bed? So my girl is applying to transfer to ODU this year and has been talking about it nonstop for weeks. She’s been wanting this for as long as she’s known the school and mentions it anytime we’re together. I’m totally cool with that and have supported her through it all. She definitely has the stats to get in so I’m proud of her, but its an insane obsession now. She’s visited the school about 6 times and says how much she loves everything about the school and I mean EVERYTHING. The Grounds, programs, people, architecture, history, traditions, colors, mascot, shape, *smell*? She even told me I would look hotter if I dressed more like Taylor Heinicke? What do you guys think that means?? She literally knows everything about the school and does ODU trivia with me when we’re bored or asks me to help her write emails to professors she thinks she’ll have next year to tell them how much she “loves” their work. Last night we were doing it in bed, and everything was going smoothly. While she talked me through it I thought I heard her mumbling but couldn’t really make out what she was saying. But at the end she screamed “Monarchs!” and was talking to “her little Taylor Heinicke.” She said she wanted to be at his school so bad and would do anything for it. Instead of my name! She said Monarchs! I asked her about it after and she told me it didn’t mean anything and just kept rambling about how much she really wants the school. It doesn’t even sound like she’s talking about a school anymore. I know she’s stressed because of it, but I’m kind of hurt? Is this normal?

This made my day. Thank you, OP. If any of this is remotely true, I’d say it’s time to jump ship.

Lol, that was a fun read.

Ol Dirty and Big Blue have that effect

I could believe this being real if it was like Harvard or VA tech...but fucking ODU?!?!?

This sounds like BS and your girlfriend sounds like a psychopath. No one is that excited to go to ODU. 🙄 As for the “she’s got the stats,” getting in is easier than getting into community college so…

this is like an AI generated fan fic, what am i even reading

Like odu is a doable goal. Not good not bad, and that’s fine I don’t want it to get harder honestly they could slack a little on some of their programs and that would be fine lol and Lower the cost it’s getting ridiculous with these random fees lol

I made ratemyprofessors but for classes: Rate My Courses Hi Everyone, I have been working for some time now on this website [ratemycourses.io](https://ratemycourses.io/odu) and I am really excited to share it with you. You can use this to look at reviews and get advice on courses you're interested in. You can also sort courses by difficulty, usefulness and the overall rating from reviews made by other students. I think if enough people start using it regularly. it's going to be essential when you're choosing your electives or just to get advice on courses you will be taking. Please let me know if there is anything that I should change or what features I should add. Lastly, filtering and sorting courses is only gonna be useful and accurate if there are a lot of reviews, so please go ahead and leave some reviews to courses you've taken or are currently taking. Enjoy!!

Great stuff! What's the stack?

Non-binary author and assistant professor at Old Dominion University is trying to normalize the term MAP (Minor Attracted Persons)

I actually emailed Brian Hemphill last night regarding this and he replied to me earlier today that ODU is looking into the issue.

bro I hate it when I come across a post that was deleted edit: found a thread showcasing the videos on twitter [https://twitter.com/libsoftiktok/status/1458985538334068740](https://twitter.com/libsoftiktok/status/1458985538334068740) 2nd edit: yes, they go here [https://www.odu.edu/directory/people/a/aewalker](https://www.odu.edu/directory/people/a/aewalker) 3rd edit: btw that logo in the corner is from a MAPs promotion organization. Shoe0nhead went over it well and is the reason the term MAP is getting a lot of attention this week https://youtu.be/Hg49x9NvOeI

for anyone unaware, MAP and is a "nice" term for pedophile. Some idiots are trying to push pedophilia into the realm of social justice by changing the name of it. &#x200B; Literally everyone, left, right, serial killer, does not agree with this at all. Pedophilia shouldn't be normalized.

Uhhhhhhh. What the fuck?

Who is it? Not seeing anything in the link

Fuck this dude bro. Pedophilia isn't normal and trying to fight for the same respect and rights that the LGBT+ community is fighting for is disgusting.

They really should make that public on twitter or somewhere. Because my god their getting rammed on social media rn.

Sociology snd criminal justice, fucking scary! The guy’s a compete idiot.

This is a sociology and criminal justice professor. They aren't advocating for pedophilia to be normalized like the title says, they're advocating for the normalization of therapy so pedophiles can cope with their unhealthy attraction before they become isolated and actually sexually assault children. The professor is trying to find ways to protect children from being sexually abused. The whole thing is being taken out of context and used for political gain by people who are either malicious or bandwagoners. It's basically cancel culture.

they are a criminal justice and sociology professor that does research on pedophiles who havent committed crimes yet, and from that research they (and other researchers) have found that there is a "stigma" against pedophiles going to therapy. Therapy stops them from sexually abusing children. The professor is not advocating for pedophilia to be normalized, they are advocating for the protection of children by stopping pedos from abusing them. It's basically just a whole bunch of out of context stuff. If you actually looked up the professor's research you'd see what they're really doing.

therapy for a mental disorder is already normalize what are you talking about? wait so your saying the professor is actually trying to stop children from being sexually abused, by trying to push for a politically correct term for pedophile?

they aren't pushing for the term to be used, I'm assuming they only use it in their research papers because using "pedophiles" over and over looks bad. Edit: Check the other post about this in this sub, it has a comment that explains it better than I do

They are pushing for the term, by actively using it...No one uses the term MAP in society or academic circles. They arent using it just because using pedophile over and over again is bad. They believe in the term and actively push for it. In the video, there is a logo of an organization in the bottom right hand corner. the organization is prostatsia which is a pro MAP organization that isn't recognized as a legitimate organization by the United States government.

The organization was interviewing the professor based on their work in the topic. I also just checked their website and they are legally recognized by the government as a tax exempt nonprofit organization.

they are a nonprofit organization. Yet, they also claim to be a [child protection agency](https://prostasia.org/). problem with this is that [they arent officially recognized within the list of recognized organizations ](https://www.justice.gov/eoir/recognized-organizations-and-accredited-representatives-roster-state-and-city)

I'm not sure that's the right link, that appears to be under the "executive office of immigration". When you use other websites (including the IRS's) they list it as a child protection agency and show it is a nonprofit

plz work...

grubhub only works for me when i’m trying to order panera, starbucks, or rogers and that’s literally it. it’s so frustrating when i just want to order subway in advance so i don’t have to wait in the line and then it doesn’t work 😐

IT NEVER WORKS

I fixed my Grubhub by removing my campus ID and readding it and also maybe update the app.

Letter from President Broderick stating we'll remain online for the rest of the Spring semester. Details coming in the next 24 hours

Classes online now should just become pass/fail this semester

damn. half my stuff is still at campus. guess I’ll be going back down to get it all. F for odu inn gang

So much for my walking across the stage at graduation

Welp rip my freshman year

This sucks. I intentionally take classes in person because I'm terrible at online classes. Nose to the grindstone time.

Thought the same thing when I read that. Got an email with a survey as well from the engineering department.

Yeah same, thankfully I don't have any really intense classes this semester but still

The survey about online classes?

Yeah, asking about online classes we’ve taken in the past and our internet speed

cults and conspiracies course is anybody enrolled in that religious philosophy and received the cryptic message from professor and then he was removed from the university and now it’s week 5 and we still haven’t been assigned work nor a professor ? like lol who should i contact

at first when i told my parents they were like “maybe that’s the conspiracy” about the ai stuff, and then weeks went on the message disappeared so i got no clue anymore. i think i found him on instagram (cultofmoody) and he is casually doing stand up comedy shows?? instead of fixing his course content??? yeah im not sure what’s up ahah im having a nice break with no homework for that class but kind of disappointed because of #1 paying for the course but #2 the chance of not receiving the credit 🙏

okay sorry last thing… this was in the syllabus for the class. he truly only talked about ai, but this was the vibe for all his messages “The honest truth is whatever you are majoring in right now, jobs are likely not going to exist in that field by the time you graduate due to technological advances. Tech bros have deemed most management jobs to be eliminated by 2035, which means they are really looking at 2030, which means someone is going to start by 2028. This course is just to give you a basic skill set so that when you interact with tsunami of information dumped on you every time you look at a screen you can just stop the chemical reactions (emotions) that trigger you into some sort of knee-jerk reaction and so you can make a clear decision and just move on with your life and not spend hours doom scrolling and not getting out of bed because some people with no personalities on the internet want you to feel bad about the fact that there’s something going on somewhere that you have absolutely no control over while they get paid by the creator fund and try to sell you some crappy Etsy art or coaching program on becoming a doom scrolling algorithm mainlining coach of coaches yourself while twirps like Mark Zuckerberg buys gold chains and MMA sessions with the billions of profit he makes of selling the data from your phone to corporations and governments and pseudo spiritual coaching guru grifters pulling you into their Multi Level Marketing cults.”

cryptic message??

Did you talked to someone at ODU?

Wait, please tell me more, spill everything?

Damn. I was interested in taking that class next semester. Hope it all works out

I took Moody’s C&C course a couple years back. Seems he’s gotten.. worse? More over the bullshit? Idk, while I 100% believed there’s solid merit to a lot of what he says, his personality is not that of one that adheres to a teacher’s disposition showcasing their desire to disperse knowledge, so if he got sacked over being “too much” or whatever, I can’t say I’m too shocked. He really didn’t /teach/ me anything. I see he still puts a lot of emphasis on mis/disinformation, that was the bulk of his “teaching”, just warnings about the internet being a cesspool and how to navigate that successfully-ish. What’s new lol. Apart from that, his course was literally nothing but recorded rants having zero to do with lessons, not that there were any, and he assigned fairly easy papers in terms of theme, citation and source formatting. The first assignments didn’t pop up until sometime in October if I recall correctly. Easy A. Don’t be fooled though, if that syllabus pull really is his words, he’s right and we’re mostly fucked because the job market in America -is- going to inevitably change for humans due to ai advancement. I’m working towards more than a degree, you should be too. Look around for a minute and you’ll see the college degree just doesn’t hold up like it used to. We value entertainment today, not scholarship, just look who gets paid more. I don’t think Kai Cenat or IShowSpeed have degrees, feel me?

wait lowkey i read this back and didn’t realize we got the teacher unassigned??? wtf portal and canvas says melissa bergeron

he was saying something about how professors here are narcissistic that steal his course content and that everyone who like works at odu is going to have their job taken over by ai or sum idk it was crazy

yes and saying how ai is dangerous and how odu is being to compliant with it. he said ai will eventually take everyone’s job

omg i’m going to post the message he left he basically said Odu is compliant with AI and how Ai will kill everyone and take their jobs

omg i’m going to post the message he left he basically said Odu is compliant with AI and how Ai will kill everyone and take their jobs away

I also took moody’s course a couple years ago and he definitely got worse it looks like. i know he was dealing with a lot of health problems which could be a reason for the erratic behavior but not all of it

i reached out to the head of the department like two weeks ago and they told me a professor was being assigned the following week and the course would be running ….it doesn’t seem like they know what they’re doing

WHATT lol that’s crazy, im in the cult and conspiracy class but its in person

right?? i know i thought bro was going crazy 😭 we finally got assigned a new professor and she sent out a normal message as of like 2 hours ago

Did anyone else get this email deactivation email ?

Looks like a scam

I’ve been getting them for months. Contacted ODU and they said it was a scam. Still get them from time to time but definitely a scam for sure.

I’ve been getting them for a couple weeks, it’s phishing.

I have got like 4 of them this week lol

It is a Phishing scam. This has been confirmed with ITS. There have been a lot of these going around the past month or so.

This is definitely a scam, I got a similar one in the fall

ye i have gotten like 50 ite so annoying

Yeah I've been getting them for weeks

It’s phishing. Don’t do it n

yes its fake I've been getting them for a while. even of your odu access really was about to expire, they would not delete your account/data. its a service odu pays for and microsoft wants you to continue using it and paying for it yourself at full price once you graduate. they'd just lock you out til you bought a personal subscription.

Yes, I got one today actually! I usually just delete them.

it’s spam/phishing. i’ve been getting like one a week since december. i just forward them to it and forget about it

Maybe don't doxx yourself on Reddit

I have as well and assumed it was a scam.

Its scam stop falling for these. ODU will NEVER ask for your password nor information we can easily pull with a click.

There have been a lot going around its spam. Shows how good the computer and cyber programs are, when the school gets this much spam

odu really needs to do something about these constant scams, it feels like everyday im getting these emails

The IT at ODU is trash. So many scam emails. Just delete them continuously and attempt to block. They send all kinds of stupid emails and nobody in IT seems to care to try to fix it.

The scammers are so lazy they can't even put the university name in the email

I got one each day the past 3 days, let's see if I get one today too lmfao

If they ever deleted your account, it would have the ODU logo in the email not master hand pointing to a form to give out your credentials.

This 👆 Wish we could pin this comment or make it a community rule.

It makes me question what those cybersecurity people are doing lol

Ok good. I saw the @odu.edu suffix and thought that was you. Normally phishing scams have weird email addresses, not actual domains like the one here.

Trust me I debated becoming the mod for this sad subreddit lmao. Still debating on applying for it again through Reddit support. Anyone who falls for it…. Belongs here

Yeah that’s who the email came from that’s why I was confused this time lol. Most of the scams I get come a Gmail account.

Jacori probably fell for one themselves and now scam messages are being sent from their address.

Yeah that's what I assumed too, rip that dude

Grad School Applications I have been impatiently waiting for a response for my grad school application. It’s been over 4 weeks since the deadline and I’d applied early. I wanted to reach out but didn’t want to say the wrong thing, make a bad impression, seem pushy, etc. After seeing someone else’s Reddit post about touching base and getting accepted that day, I decided to send an email. Boy, am I glad I did. They responded quickly, got me to the right person, and we got the ball rolling. Apparently, even though the portal said everything was turned it, something was wrong with my transcripts and my application couldn’t be processed. I’ve sent them in again and get to resume my waiting. All this to say, if you find yourself in a similar situation, send the email or make the phone call to follow up.

I just had a similar situation finishing grad school! I submitted my portfolio and waited.... and waited... and waited.... and it came to about 4 days before revisions were due and I reached out because if I required revisions I would need time to complete them. It turned out that my portfolio had been assigned to a reviewer who normally does a different segment of my program who submits portfolios to a different link, so she thought I just never did the portfolio. My portfolio was graded and they let me know that I passed within the hour. Thank goodness I said something! It's definitely hard to send the email because you might think that you're bothering someone, but they make mistakes sometimes too and you may be helping them :)

I have bugged the program director and admissions (twice) to make sure my package was complete and in all the right statuses. Originally, I had applied for the Fall semester but moved it to this Spring. Anxious to hear back but I no longer think it’s appropriate to follow up.

Can I ask what program you applied to, and how you figured out who to reach out to? I’m trying to be chill since I feel like the Thanksgiving holiday maybe threw off the four week count. But also, I applied with unofficial transcripts and want to be sure I’ll have enough time to get them my official transcripts if I’m accepted. (and also I am not chill so)

If it's been a while since you submitted the package, I think you should. I applied months after the deadline for fall and got in. I realize spring is only about a month away. They're there to help you get in and get situated!

MLIS. When you submit the application online, you get that email and it says to call or email if you have application questions. I just sent the email there and they forwarded me to where I need to go. I have no chill either, so I’m with you. Also, I applied with unofficial transcripts too.

Submitted Oct. 31 but didn’t switch to spring until Nov 14th. I am really itching to check in but I will likely hold off until next week.

I was MLIS as well! They have had some staffing changes recently with the previous program director retiring and the person in charge of portfolios stepping down. Checking in is probably a good thing, since a few folks in charge are pretty new in their positions. That was actually the case with me quite a few times throughout the program. A class I completed showed as incomplete in DegreeWorks months after I finished it, my portfolio reviewer didn't grade my portfolio because I (gen librarianship) was assigned to the school library reviewer, I got docked points on a paper for submitting late even though I submitted about 2 weeks early... It's a great program but I did need to check in a few times. Unofficial transcripts were fine when I applied, and they sent an email after I was tentatively accepted with instructions on sending official transcripts. Lindy Brown was extraordinarily helpful along the way, and I reached out to her multiple times throughout the program just to make sure I was on track. I generally found the program to be extremely relaxed on due dates (ie: the deadline for fall admission was March 1 and I applied May 17) so I'm sure after you deal with these application hoops (and maybe send one more "circling back" email, lol) you'll be in and well on your way to the degree :)

I just checked my email from when I applied. I applied on May 17 2023 and received my acceptance offer on May 27, so only 10 days, if that is helpful at all. With Thanksgiving break in the middle of your application timeline next week is probably about when I would check in too :)

Refunds Anyone know when to expect our financial aid refunds?? Sincerely a very broke grad student 🥲

I believe tomorrow should be the day! I saw someone else mention it on another post up here, and it’ll be a week from classes starting. (Don’t quote me on that though, I also desperately need my refund 😭)

FinAid office told me August 15 in our last email.

I called this morning because my broke self thought funds being disbursed on the 15th mean they’d go to my bank then (like at previous schools), but the finance office told me that it “begins the process” of disbursement. She said it could take up to two weeks, but rarely ever does. She also said to watch your account statement. When the negative amount—the amount to be refunded—is cleared to $0.00, it means the money left ODU and is en route to your banking account, which depends on your bank as to whether it is held or not.

I feel this post in my soul! At least they start applying the funds tomorrow. Regardless, I can’t wait.

that last part is so real

Was falsely reported using AI on a paper in a class I recently had a professor tell me my essay I submitted appeared to have a significant amount of content generated by AI technology, which counts as cheating. So the professor said she was obligated to report it. I 100% did not use any AI, so I don’t know if this is a situation where the detector is just wrong or what, but I seriously do not know what to do and I am so stressed out. I don’t want to be in trouble for something I didn’t do and I don’t know how to properly defend my case. I read online that AI detection is extremely finicky and new and that it can falsely identify AI usage in papers, I just didn’t expect this to happen to me. Anyone have advice?

Some random advice from an alum: Don't panic. This is going to be a pain in the ass and nobody needs this kind of pain in the ass this late in the semester, but here we are. Between you and the prof, only one of you knows for sure whether or not you used AI on your paper. Hint: it isn't the prof. The prof used a tool with an unknown probability of getting it right. Odds are very good they didn't develop it themselves, don't understand how it works and are operating based on marketing claims from TurnItIn or some service like that. Every bit of your defense in this needs to be directed at making the prof prove how reliable the tool is and chipping away the university's confidence in it. If the prof decided this without machine assistance, they need to be made to detail their methods and provide an analysis of how they reached that conclusion. Consider dropping the computer science department a line and asking if one of the faculty would be willing to be an advocate for you. There will likely be someone there who's studied this stuff and can help drive the uncertainty point home. Having someone on the faculty in your corner will lend some additional gravitas to your arguments. Good luck, and let us know how this turns out. If you're the first to have been wrongly accused of this, the process may take awhile. If you prevail, it may set a precedent.

False positive rates are a real thing. The AI detection software claims to get it right most of the time, but this is hard to confirm. Most human generated text has significant numbers of errors (grammer, spelling, punctuation) and is therefore very easy to classify. How the companies get their published rates is not clear. As writing gets better (fewer errors), includes a more common vocabulary distribution, or includes more commonly quoted phrases the possibility of false positives goes up. The false positive rate on well written, human-generated text has not been reported, as far as I have seen. In other subreddits many professional writers have said the classifiers flag their writing as likely AI-generated. If your paper was written on google docs, you should be able to access the activity log and show that to your professor. Human written text verse cut-paste-revise text will have very different activity profiles. If you used Word or another program, then I think you have to manually turn activity tracking on, which most people don't. If you don't have an activity log for the assignment, the best you can do is explain to your professor what you did, and if you have other samples of your writing, provide those for comparison. Be direct and don't lie. Decent background: [https://www.timeshighereducation.com/campus/ai-text-detectors-stairway-heaven-or-hell](https://www.timeshighereducation.com/campus/ai-text-detectors-stairway-heaven-or-hell)

I plugged your initial post into OpenAI's classifier (AI detection software) and it came back as "likely AI-generated". \[Note: I had to double paste since the classifier requires 1000 characters\]. Take a few of your other writing samples and check them. Show your professor the results. [https://platform.openai.com/ai-text-classifier](https://platform.openai.com/ai-text-classifier)

A.i. detection tools aren't even good currently, this is likely a cop out for teachers to lighten the workload. Aka lazy teachers. Quite simply put these "a.i. detection tools" consider the declaration of Independence as ai created... demand to know what was viewed as ai and ask what non existant tool they are using . It should be quite easy to dispute if legit.

Did you make it in google docs? I think it has a document history with dates and times that might be able to prove you wrote it.

I'm a pliny.app developer for reference

The pipe finally burst at Powatan 2. It's been leaking for a while. They also sent an email THIS morning saying they were going to fix it at 9 am Tuesday.

Is this why it smells like shit

Nah that's just Norfolk in general

Hey ODU! There has been an increase in overdoses lately! :( A LOCAL nonprofit wants to make sure you're safe. If you live in Virginia and are struggling with substance use or if you know someone that is, we will send you a FREE opioid overdose reversal kit. BE PREPARED. YOU COULD SAVE A LIFE! # Overdose is now the number one cause of death in Americans under 50. In 2018, there were 1,193 opioid-related overdose deaths­­ in Virginia. Together we can change this! We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication, supplies, and training. There is no stigma. It will be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Please, pass this message or the link along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Anyone who may encounter someone that uses opioids should order one, as well. BE PREPARED. You could save a life! <3 Our organization has over 500 reported reversals so far with the Narcan/naloxone that we have supplied. That is almost 500 lives saved and we know that the number is likely much higher as many reversals go unreported... Just take a short training and answer a few confidential questions at the link below: [https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf](https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf) We have been verified as legitimate by a trusted news organization (wusa9): [https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf](https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf) Please feel free to share! thanks!!! Stay safe everyone! We appreciate you!

What’s the strange bridge thing over the main road of your campus? Hey everyone. I’m visiting ODU this week and I’ve noticed a strange white bridge running over the main road that passes through campus. It has a sign that says Old Dominion University, but the whole structure looks kinda ugly — if they wanted to make a sign I think they could’ve done a much nicer one for much less money. Anyway, does anyone know what this thing is?

It’s a maglev track. It never worked. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.governing.com/topics/transportation-infrastructure/gov-maglev-train-old-dominion-university.html%3fAMP

The failed monorail. Aka, the monofail.

There was an engineering club working to restore it and get it working at one point I think but they stopped

Ever see the Simpsons "Monorail" episode? It's basically that.

It’s not that it never worked; they just decided to make a really expensive umbrella instead

IIRC there was a 3rd party company that was supposed to assist with development, but they basically took the grant money and immediately disappeared or went bankrupt or something. Still have no idea why they just haven't just put a roof on it and used it as a walkway covering. Can't be that expensive.

The monorail is too outdated to use with current systems, and ODU isn’t going to waste any money remodeling it or removing it

man we right in the path of this mf

That’s an old map, this is the one from today. (https://www.nhc.noaa.gov/storm_graphics/AT05/refresh/AL052019_5day_cone_no_line_and_wind+png/152656_5day_cone_no_line_and_wind.png)

Please let this hit us I’m tryna go home for a bit

I've lived here for over 20 years. When we do get hit hard, it's almost always because the storm stays out at sea before making a hard left into us. When it comes up the coast like that, it's usually a tropical depression at worst. Things might still get closed down, in the interest of preparing for the worst, but it's almost never terrible. We'll get flooding, but probably not a lot of wind damage. That's not to say it *can't* nail us, I'm just giving my experience.

This probably isn't true, but I've been here 5 years and I feel like we've been hit by something every Fall semester.

Welcome to Hampton Roads...

it’s not gonna hit us :/

ah I see. we’re still in it though upvoted for visibility

90% of these storms turn last second. Never really worry about it for every one Isabel there’s 35 that turn right and nothing really happens.

Lifelong Southeastern Virginia resident (50+ years) here .... Hurricanes in Southeast Virginia cause destructive flooding and wind damage, not to mention threats of tornadoes along with them. Erosion along the coast, and deadly storm surge.

I remember we my freshman year(2011), we had a welcome week that was cancelled because of a hurricane but I don't remember anything significant after that

Pretty much the beginning of every Fall and Spring semesters we get hit by something. Either a hurricane in September or a snowstorm in January. It makes settling into the new semester all the more difficult haha

I remember that. My move in was delayed and everything was basically canceled for new students. It was interesting

ODU Bookstore having a big sale until Friday ODU is changing contractors for its bookstore on Monarch Way. The last day they will be open is Friday. All apparel is 50% off and there is a lot left to choose from. They are closed Thursday due to holiday so today and Friday are you last chance to get steep discount. Once Friday comes, the will empty the place and a new contractor will take over operation of the bookstore. It will be run by Barnes and Noble.

Thank you! Do you know what time they close today and Friday?

This was last week. They closed on June 20. Sorry.

If anyone lost a set of keys on a Seattle seahawks lanyard, I turned them in at the Batten Arts academic Advising desk I know this sub doesn't have a ton of members but figured I'd post just in case.

How to file a complaint about an instructor? I am an international student. One of my instructors this semester is rude and unprofessional, questioning my English ability while I was politely asking his question. Maybe other parts of the world speak English differently than the United States. By the way, he doesn’t sound like a native English speaker. So I have no idea why he said this to me. Feeling offended and it is discrimination to international students. Is there any formal way to file a complaint on this situation? THANKS!

https://www.odu.edu/life/support/student-outreach/scr

By the way, I dropped the class. I believe I cannot get a good grade even if I work hard in his class.

Not the first rude and unprofessional professor I've encountered or heard about. I'm sorry that happened to you.

Sorry this happened to you. Where are you from, out of curiosity?

I would also try to get it on recording if possible and if nothing comes from the formal complaint take it to the dean of the college

The question is, after he saw my email about homework question, he directly called me, yelling “DID U WATCH THE RECORDED LECTURE, YES OR NO?” That is very unprofessional and rude. Also, I cannot record the phone call.

It is I agree with you. I would try and contact the dean of the particular college this class is in regarding the matter. For example if it's a literature course, contact the dean of the college of Arts and Letters and file a formal complaint

Thanks for your advice

Your flex points, hand them over.

What flex points? I burned them all eating way too much Cane's

No use now, considering campus is closed

Can’t Panera has all of mine

ODU's historic day! Wins the Popeyes Bahamas Bowl

After looking at some photos of the weekend's parties.

still negative the window for refunds today came and went and I'm still not at zero 💔 ODU run me my money 💔

I work in Financial Aid for a different school. Switching to the new 25-26 FAFSA has been a nightmare. Usually we have about 3-5% of our students who are selected to go through FAFSA verification each year. This year that jumped to 10-15% which is definitely most we have ever seen (after DOE told us it would be less than ever before lol) This happened right at the beginning of the term without warning so we are more behind than we have ever been before. We have temp employees coming in to help work through students documents because there are thousands needing to be reviewed but it takes time to get them properly trained. They let us know the same thing is happening at all schools across the country right now so thats likely why you are seeing delays.

Thank you for the info! I thought it was just an ODU thing. I've heard this is supposed to be corrected by tomorrow. Hoping that it's true.

Yup! Newly admitted ODU student and my financial aid was applied on the 13th then reversed on the 15th. Around 8pm Monday night I saw I was selected for verification last minute. Went to the financial aid office yesterday with my required documentation and they processed my verification on the spot, thankfully. My aid has been reapplied as of this morning however I’m not sure how this affects my refund timeline. However I have a feeling my refund will be in my bank account no later than Monday morning lol

tonight’s the night😈😈😈😈 Hopefully we get our refunds tmr 😤😤😤😤

ODU know they need to move a little quicker...this makes day 7 since aid was disbursed and I know for sure in the account summary it says overpayments are issues 5-7days after aid is disbursed! They want us to be punctual with these classes but not with our money.

Bro I’m so ready. I need to get my car fixed before classes actually start 🙄

Hopefully we get the refund tomorrow. My laptop decided to crash on me last night and I'm 100% online! Ugh!!!!!

I think it will be tomorrow. I guess what people meant when they say it comes on the 21st they mean the processing email and the zeroing out happened on the 21st. And then the refund hits bank accounts on the 22. Like that’s how it happened for me last fall. I got my processing email on the 21st and my money was in the bank the next day.

Lmfaoo right 😂😂😂it better

Does anyone know what time they received the email that it zeroed out?

Did u zero out👀👀

Copying from previous post: I work in Financial Aid for a different school. Switching to the new 25-26 FAFSA has been a nightmare. Usually we have about 3-5% of our students who are selected to go through FAFSA verification each year. This year that jumped to 10-15% which is definitely most we have ever seen (after DOE told us it would be less than ever before lol) This happened right at the beginning of the term without warning so we are more behind than we have ever been before. We have temp employees coming in to help work through students documents because there are thousands needing to be reviewed but it takes time to get them properly trained. They let us know the same thing is happening at all schools across the country right now so thats likely why you are seeing delays.

Yes, they do. This is so ridiculous.

I pray ur right bandie 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽

I've seen updates run at 8pm before. It's my last semester. Just trying to finish out

Unfortunately, I don't think we're getting it today. I'm thinking we'll get the email and they'll zero out our accounts tomorrow and we will get the refunds on Friday. I haven't had any movement on my account since the disbursement date.

For last year? 8/21 at 4:03p

My last few times: 4:04, 5:03, 4:05, 6:06

No😔😔😔😔 did u?

I apologize if I’m misunderstanding you, but if we’re here because our already verified FAFSAs/loans/grants and resulting tuition refunds have processed for our university and we’re just waiting for the difference of already applied and therefore surely verified funds, what more is there to review? Is this verification of 10-15% a legitimacy review that holds the rest of the student body from their tuition refunds? I dunno the rules.

Believe me, I need it too because I need to pay my power bill like I’m already overdue. So I completely empathize.

So it sounds like we will get the email tomorrow and the refund on Friday?

Did you get it on the 20th or 21st?

No luv not yet 💔 last time it came at 5:10pm tho

No you got it right if your funds disbursed and you aren't selected for verification this year then it should just be the process of them sending your refund out. We did have a decent number of students where their funds disbursed, then we were notified right afterwards that they actually were selected for verification. School then has to hold the funds until the verification review is complete, mainly because if students don't provide whatever is requested for verification (it can be tax documents, documents confirming identity, or both) then the DOE will order the full disbursement returned to them. If school cost $3,000, and the disbursement was $5,000, then the leftover $2,000 would be refunded to the student. If the school released the refund to a student before they complete verification, and then the student never provides the documents, the school is required to send the full amount back, all $5,000. But the school already sent the student a refund so they have to send the $3,000 used for classes back, and then $2,000 out of the schools pocket since they cant reverse the refund. Now the school has to find a way to get the full $5,000 balance back from the student since the classes taken are no longer paid for and the refund amount had to be paid back by the school to DOE. Student cant use financial aid if verification wasn't completed so it turns into a collections scenario which sucks for everyone. End result is that its easier to hold the whole disbursement, then release the refund once the verification process is completed. Tons of students were selected for verification last minute and financial aid departments at schools across the country are struggling to keep up with the sudden doubling of their workload. If your account looks stuck I would just confirm with them that you don't need to do verification. If not then the department is just moving slow likely due to all the students that are. The Department of Education will not tell you of you are selected for verification, they only tell the schools who receive your FAFSA since its viewed as the schools responsibility to handle the process.

Let’s check back in @530😔

It is 5-7 business days which doesn't include weekends or holidays. Tomorrow is the 6th business day.

Sunday and Saturday does not count it’s business days

I think we have to wait until tomorrow.

…see you ain’t even have to embarrass me like that. I see numbers and I run with it everything else in between is considered fine print

ODU Police investigating shooting https://www.wavy.com/news/local-news/odu-police-investigating-shooting/

Bro is onto nothing 😭😭😭

Don’t know why you’re downvoted because it came out that it was in fact… over a female. Suprise suprise

Where did you get this info tho?

People are downvoting because it is obvious you don't really care about the truth. You only care about seeing things and fitting it within your preconceived worldview because it's easy and comfortable for you to do so. There is no available evidence or information about the case that suggests that the reason the shooting occurred was due to the reasons you've stated.

It’s sadly on both sides of the coin not just liberals but you are correct it’s mainly perpetuated with shit hookup culture and the desire to be as “free” as you want to be in university which leads to more drama if they just actually cared about schoolwork and living a better life in society. These were workers so it’s a bit different dynamically but still the same concept in or out of education Awe they’re butthurt and downvoting lmao

Workers at the university? Can you elaborate?

A win is a win!

Must have stepped on the seal

No employer will care to ask anyways.

Or will they ask for a GPA lol

4 jobs over the last 10 years. All required a degree. Never been fired or let go. I only left a job for better opportunities. Check this out: Never been asked how long I was enrolled in college. (I took a 3 year break in between) Never been asked about my GPA. Never been asked about volunteer work or extra curricular activities while I was in college. Never even been asked show my diploma or transcript. (Although I proudly hang it in my office) If you are a straight A student keep it up and make sure you are aware of your own abilities. There is 6 figure salary waiting for you as long as you interview as well as your GPA. If you aren’t, never give up because school is nothing like the professional world. I flourish as an employee in the engineering and IT industry yet I was far from the best student in college. #Ol’DirtyAlum

I have nothing

Hahahaha!😂 True!

Dining Hall Rant So a lot of us are paying at least 3k a semester to eat Brod food. I got super bad food poisoning after one visit at Brod and have lost 25 lbs since the beginning of the semester without going to the gym or trying to lose weight just because I don’t want to eat this shit anymore. I can buy a months worth of groceries for what I pay in a week to eat a Brod (I only get 1.4 meals a day at that cost) Share your dining rants/horror stories I’m curious

Getting a house and not having a meal plan is like a bit cheaper then living in the dorms and having one. Just gotta wait it out fr brods not the best

Ah man, ate at Broderick all the time when I was a student there. Never had many problems with food, but I had questionable food sometimes. Sucks to hear it still sucks.

my freshman year ( 2021) i had heard that the brod didn’t pass their inspection, and hasn’t in like 3 years. My roommate had pink chicken and my friend had moldy pizza. the brod actually sucks, unless you’re out of flex points or broke. only then are we at a five star restaurant in the city of norfolk 😩

Ate there a few times freshman year and I had hair in my food almost every time

I started eating there in 2020 and the food has just gotten so bad, not that it was anything special back then. I’ve had pink and raw chicken multiple times, hair in my food multiple times, uncooked rice, rotten veggies from the salad bar, I remember seeing a post going around about a bug in someone’s salad. They also don’t have fruit for the dinner time anymore, not that breakfast time has any fresh fruit anyways. The soda machines never have any carbonation in them and they took away the dedicated water line from the main drink area. Half the time the ice machine doesn’t work. And their ice cream machine is either closed or only has vanilla which is low itself. The desserts have started to become the same ones almost everyday. Half the time the menu online is wrong.

fuck brod haha self made meals are the way to go

I'm a South Asian graduate Vegan student, and I live right across campus. I buy my own lentils, grains, etc. in bulk, as well as fresh fruits, veggies, breads. Soo much healthier (and more ethical) than eating the JUNK on campus.

Fr I had food poisoning last week and it just made me not want to go that dining hall for a few days.

brod is still leagues better then rogers lol

same. i was eating there from 2019-2021 and never had any issues. idk why people are having problems all of a sudden. or maybe their guts are too sensitive lol

Cooking your own food is leagues better aswell, rice and eggs literally outranks everything put out from brod

You've obviously never had a 1am Rogers quesadilla

I haven't. they are only open 5pm-9pm on weekdays...

SOOO do these people know what "from the river to the sea" means???? So for anyone unaware, people are critizising Israel for "wanting the Palestine state to not exist." This is mostly frown upon because Palestinians deserve to exists. On the opposite end, there is this phrase; "from the river to the sea." This phrase promotes the idea of eliminating Israel as a state completely. Even removing the Jews from the area as well. Kind of concerning to see this NGL.

They actually know what this phrase means. It doesnt mean what you all think. It has never been a call for the murder of all israelis. Thats just something israelis say to americans to justify the genocide of Palestinians. Palestinians are the group that’s indigenous to that area. They wish to be free in the entirety of their home land (from river to sea) and not confined to two small sections of their country. Its a call for the end of colonialism not genocide.

Heres a hot take, 2023 no matter your religion, race or ethnic group everyone sucks. - I hate that any criticism of Israeli atrocities = antisemitic. & - I hate that any support for Palestine = Siding with terrorist. It’s almost as if there’s nuances in everything except this conflict. You’re either wet or dry. This reminds me of the months after 9/11 when it was America Good ,Muslims Bad. I’m sure we can all agree that what came out of the post 9/11 mindset and policies have not been good for anyone.

Where did you see this poster?

So I did more digging and I don't see this protest registered with ODU??? In fact, some other group has the front area at the same time??? It could be that the place I'm seeing the events hasn't updated yet.

Also does anyone know what organization organized this? It doesn't say on the flyer which is highly unusual for an event/protest that happens in front of the web center.

It's an antisemitic dogwhistle. Same as "there is only one solution" and "glory to our martyrs". That language is pro-Hamas.

They forgot to add the Hamas paragliders at the top of the page. I hope all my fellow Jews at ODU are okay and feeling safe right now. If anyone would like to talk I am available. Stay strong. Our grandparents and their grandparents faced the same hatred in their generations, now it's our turn to persevere, to stand up to antisemitism, and to carry the torch of Am Yisrael. If you think about it, one of the things that have kept us together as a people for over 3,000 years (2,000+ in diaspora!) is the fact that someone is always trying to get rid of us. It draws us together and makes us unite as a people. And for those confused as to what the phrase "From the River to the Sea" means, It's a call for the destruction of the state and people of Israel. You know, a literal genocide. Which is exactly what Hamas has called for in their founding charter. Not just the resistance against the "evil, oppressive Zionist regime", but the slaughtering of all Jews worldwide. Take some time to educate yourself about who exactly these so called "Freedom Fighters" are, and what they believe and teach [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas\_Charter#Relevance\_in\_the\_21st\_century](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas_Charter#Relevance_in_the_21st_century) I'm disgusted and disappointed that in 2023, 78 years after the Holocaust, we have to remind people that Yes, you can still be critical of Israel and not support the literal ethnic cleansing of Jews and Israelis. You can recognize the suffering of innocent Palestinians while still recognizing the deliberate murder of 1400+ Israeli civilians, including women, elderly, and children.

for everyone saying or agreeing that a peaceful Palestinian protest is antisemitic or ignorant, know that you’re supporting genocide and the ethnic cleansing of THOUSANDS of innocent Palestinians, half of which are CHILDREN. you are a coward and don’t deserve anything in life you inhumane piece of shit

Glad to see people at those schools haven’t lost their minds (or at least people on this subreddit)

From the river to the sea Palestine will be free, and “Israelies” will reside in USA or Europe. hope this didn’t get u so offended ☺️🇵🇸

nah both side's bad is a good take. Really both sides are terrible.

My RA posted this in the groupMe

Where do you find the events at?

So apply the meaning of genocide to only one of two not so different actions. Is what Israel doing not genocide?

The public opinion sphere of Israel/Palestine has been changing rapidly ever the course of a month. I'm hopeful that the people who are saying stuff like this are still ignorant of the full complex scale shit show that is the middle east.

I mean it says "a show of black solidarity" so I would imagine it's organized by one of the groups that are centered on the black community.

“from the river to the sea” was first employed by israel to want land across the entire middle east 😂fucking pea brain

stfu pls go get educated then you can come talk

I'm calling out the phrase "from river to the sea" which calls for the complete annihilation of Israel. I did not mention anything else in the main post.

Yeah I'm sure you had the same feelings about all the Jewish children that hamas massacred. Maybe consider the fact that you hating the jews has biased your point of view.

The majority of Israelis are Arabs and arab descendents, so you are advocating for the removal of indigenous people, and believe the minority ethnic immigrant population should "go back to where they came from". Lmao

Nice, your RA should lose their job.

" I'm hopeful that the people who are saying stuff like this are still ignorant of the full complex scale shit show that is the middle east." You're the one that sounds ignorant. The U.N./pretty much all countries that aren't the U.S. are opposed to what Israel is doing in Gaza. You just sound like you're prejudiced against middle eastern people/Islam. You do realize that Palestine existed before Israel right? That land was basically just stollen from them & then there people were oppressed using the weapons the west provided. They just want their land back, not necessarily to wipe out all jews. It just happens that they people who stole their land were Jewish. It's like if a black person mugs you, and then you hate them, you don't hate them because they're black, you hate them because they just stole from you.

I FOUND IT! The LGBT ODU Instagram mentioned @afro.757. So they are the ones who are doing it

Ok so still haven't found the group, but the official ODU LGBT group reposted it on their story...

Yea but I don't know WHICH black organization is doing this.

when we say free palestine, that means breaking the border and letting Palestinians live freely and go where they want in THIER COUNTRY. we never supported death upon anyone including Jews. U don’t see chants of us yelling death upon them. There’s many clips of zionists wishing death and rape upon all Arabs but no one seems to care abt that huh. Jews and Palestinians lived together peacefully before 1948 and we welcomed them with open arms until they started hogging everything and twisting the narrative into “promised land”

When have I said I hate Jews😂 look now ur putting words in my mouth and making shit up just like all zionists per usual

Show sources next time you state something

And no i was replying to a comment that said that Palestinians should go to arab countries

Woah, someone who thinks Israel shouldn't genocide Gaza should certainly be fired. Death to all Muslims ? Jews are god's chosen people right ?? Now if anyone says anything against Israel's genocide, they're automatically antisemitic. That's when you know people are just completely ignorant. All of the U.N. is against what's happening in Gaza, America is the only one who's allowing this, and they even recently said "we do not support Israel killing civilians" because of how bad it's getting. If you take my wallet from my back pocket and then I punch you in the face, and then you pull a gun and try to kill me, do you think that's fair? If you happen to be Jewish and I'm Muslim, then is it because you're Jewish that I punched you? Does that mean you're free to kill me? If you don't understand the analogy in relation to the genocide in gaza, just stfu.

Like in support of it or?

Do they not realize they're advocating for a movement and group of people that would have the LGBTQ+ community among the first victims if there was the opportunity? This is aside from the fact that rallies like this are strictly anti-Israel, anti-Semitic, and super freaking dangerous. But honestly, who cares? Jews have only lost 6 million plus of their people and anti-Semitic sentiment has increased by about 600% in the last couple of weeks. Nothing to see here. Just more leftist campus political groups trying to persuade kids to be hateful.

Idiots…they’d be the first slaughtered by Hamas

Yeah looking at that that came off a little more smart-ass than I was able to catch at first. I apologize lol

1) a one state solution that you just said is literally impossible. Both sides know that is a literal fantasy. They do not trust each other. That's why people support two state solution over a "unitary" state. It's more likely to make peace. Most people today say "one state solution" meaning only Palestine or Israel as the one in the region. 2) I do not know who you are, since this is reddit so I can't comment on the "we don't with death". Israeli far right wing often wishes to expand. Meanwhile many Palestinian groups (Hamas and Hezbollah as an example) wish death on Israel. 3) you got the wrong state. The Jews and Palestinians were fighting before 1948. It mostly started at the British mandate when Jews started to buy land in the area. Then the Jewish migrations continued due to the Nazi's making them flee, then furthermore when the Muslim nations started to attack the native Jews forcing them to flee to Israel for safety.

>we never supported death upon anyone including Jews. Might want to read the founding charter of Hamas. It literally calls for the slaughter of Jews everywhere. >There’s many clips of zionists wishing death and rape upon all Arabs but no one seems to care abt that huh. I can assure you that no Israeli I have ever met has ever expressed such sentiments. You shouldn't base your opinion on us "evil zionsits" off of selected videos from [goyim.tv](https://goyim.tv). >we welcomed them with open arms until they started hogging everything and twisting the narrative into “promised land” Not true. Over 90% of modern Arab Palestinians are descendants of Arab immigrants from other countries (Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt) in the 1800s-1900s. Which happens to be the same time Jewish immigration to the land increased as well. Arabs weren't so friendly towards their Jewish neighbors. Not in pre-Israel Palestine, and not in Arab majority countries either. Stop trying to make this a purely "Zionist" issue.

Fascism. 😂😂 that’s what you want

Lol I have yet to meet a person that uses the word zionist as a pejorative and not be an antisemite. Just say you hate jews man.

There are 3.5 mill mizrahi Jews in Israel, so about 40% of all Israelis that are Jews. 20% of the population are non Jewish Arabs, so there's 60%. Only about 30% of Israelis are Ashkenazi Jews https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mizrahi_Jews https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel

No you weren't Einstein, you just posted a comment on its own in the thread

Erm, more like someone who thinks Israelis and Jews should be genocided should lose their job. Defiantly. No one said anything about god's chosen people. But thanks for bringing age-old antisemitic points into the conversation, that reveals a lot about your views. When Hamas terrorists invaded Israel and slaughtered innocent civilians, they didn't target the ultra-religious orthodox Jews who believe in the "chosen people" idea. Their victims were anyone who breathed. Peace loving people, activists who believed in peace between Palestinians and Jews, secular people, families, foreigners, Thai workers, tourists, and a significant amount of Arabs as well. Really trying to understand your wallet analogy and how it possibly fits into the conversation. I fail to see how its relevant at all. >If you happen to be Jewish and I'm Muslim, then is it because you're Jewish that I punched you? Does that mean you're free to kill me? If you know anything about Hamas, you'd understand their legal founding charter calls for literal genocide. Not against evil Zionists, but against Jews. Jews anywhere they may be. It is precisely because we are Jews, and only because we are Jews, that they want to kill us. This isn't exactly news. So yes, the state of Israel has not only the right, but the obligation and duty to protect innocent people against genocidal jihadists. Would your country do any differently? You toss around terms like "genocide" while ignoring the actual calls for genocide against Jews. Now, please enlighten us all, what's your solution? Should Israel cease to exist? What should happen to the millions of people who live there? Maybe the Arab countries who persecuted them and kicked them out will take them all back? Maybe the Austrians, Poles, and Germans who forced the Ashkenazim out of their homes and into camps will give them their houses back? Does Hamas have immunity because they hide in urban areas? Do you think the Nazis should of had immunity because they hid in Dresden? Was the allies activity there a genocide, since German civilians died? Please, please, instead of spouting antisemitism and selective virtue signaling, show us what the answer is. What would your country do in Israel's situation?

You can't 'genocide' something.

Yes in support.

They are what’s called “useful idiots” it’s sad. It’s not right to support hamas or the tension with Palestine the only correct thing is to push for piece between neighbors

My comment probably sounded the same way after rereading lol

Imagine saying thing you know nothing about, you do realize that Islam is based on Judaism. It's only after the jews started taking land that war broke out. Now, they're pretty much taking whatever they want. The main targets by Hamas were the settlements Israel kept building. And by the way, Hamas isn't a military/government, they're a terrorist organization of about 30k in a country of around 2 million, they're not doing shit. If Palestine had an actual government & military, that's not what they would want.

Gotta love professors who don't open canvas when class offically starts Title. Today second session of summer class starts. My one class that is this weird class zoom thing hasn't opened yet. Class offically starts in 3 hours. I am supposed to go to some room in Virginia beach and sit in a room while the professor zoom calls in. What I am hoping, like the last class I had like this, is that I can just zoom on my own laptop and not drive to this random building and sit in until 10 PM. But the professor hasn't opened canvas yet so guess I'm stuck going there.

I've had not one but two professors who never activated their canvas at all, or Blackboard I guess since it was before we switched. Did everything on paper or through direct email. One never even bothered to tell us our final grades he just put it into Leo and went MIA.

Did they open it now?

All professors have at least one boss. Email their department chair and let them know what’s going on.

He did a little under an hour before class started 💀

ODU reputation I’m considering transferring here but my family says it has a bad reputation and won’t be as good as other schools, like VCU, for networking, internships, job hunting, etc. Is this true? I’m looking at the communication program.

Firstly, they're both regional state schools, so the reputation will extend not much further than Virginia. VCU, JMU, ODU, GMU all kinda fit in this same category in my opinion. William and Mary is a public "Ivy" and therefore has more clout and UVA and Virgina Tech are Tier 1 universities that have clout that extends outside of the region. If I were comparing the regional U's together I'd say the three main things to consider are: 1) What kind of environment do you want to be in --i.e. what type of location is the campus in? 2) What do you want to study? 3) (somewhat related to 1), what types of activities do you want to get involved in during your free time? The good thing is so long as you do well in one of these (or in a regional community college) you can pretty much guarantee a transfer acceptance to any of the others. So, if you're not sure what to do, pick the school with the least cost (to both time and money--e.g. if your family lives in VB, going to ODU is a lot cheaper than moving to Richmond or Fairfax and commuting back for holidays, etc.) Some comparisons based on those three points: 1) VCU is in a more "downtown" environment than ODU. 2) ODU has a great (up and coming) Cybersecurity program or Counseling program for grad school (to give a few examples) and the arts programs at VCU are really good. 3) ODU gives you access to a beach environment; VCU is closer to DC and is more centrally located to mountain trails. Academically, you should expect similar rigor between each of the regional state schools and, again, outside of VA none of the regional states carry much weight. And for something general like Communications, I'd say it really doesn't matter. One thing to consider about ODU is its connection to the military and defense sector. If that's something you'd be interested in, ODU is the clear choice.

I went to Old Dominion for undergrad and Virginia Commonwealth for my PhD. While the top schools in Virginia are definitely William and Mary, U.Va. and Virginia Tech, I am not dissatisfied with the education I received at either of my schools. Your education is what you make of it, and you have to look at the quality of individual departments more than the US News & World Report rankings that everyone is fixated on every year. Both VCU, and now, ODU, are ranked as Carnegie R1 doctoral institutions — the highest ranking. This means that there is a high level of research activity at the institution. That’s what you want to focus on when choosing a school.

Not a comm major but a transfer student, I’ve had nothing but the best experience here as far as people, classes, and opportunities. But I won’t say that odu is the best with communication (ironically enough)— in my experience, my advisors have always been hard to reach out to along with the odu offices (but I also got here right when covid hit). But that’s been my only downside to the whole school so far, otherwise I love the campus. edit: as far as not being “safe,” my relatives and friends told me the same thing— that it wasn’t. But since I’ve lived here (for over 2 years now off-campus) I have never experienced anything dangerous or felt unsafe in my environment. Of course, Norfolk is a city, and there are areas that are more prone to violence or crime than others.

Tbh it doesn’t matter where you go to college if it’s not top whatever. Both VCU and ODU are thought of the same when it comes to employers. No one leans either way. But ODU is cheaper

I was an ODU comm major and I think VCU’s program might be a bit better,,, that said anyone that says ODU is a bad school or whatever can fuck off

Are they saying it's bad cause of the faculty sexual assault scandals, or the map scandal, or is it the "cult of personality and patriarchy" stuff? That's just 2021! Honestly, I would suggest you find the best program you can afford and ignore the media and the school. No one is gonna look at your degree and be like, "nah, we'll go with the guy from ECPI, they're less problematic." Memories are short.

VCU school slogan is, “Where women are women and men try to be.” Need I say more?!?

The professors here suck. Would not advise coming here.

The school is known for scandals that all seem to be based on fact, but if it is the affordable choice for you, go for it.

Thank you so much for the info and comparisons!

Thank you so much for the input!

This is wonderful!!! I’d be online but the person I’m speaking to said it all applies to me as well. Are there any clubs for online students? Like virtual meetings? Thank you so much for the info!

Thanks for the input!

thanks for the input!

i’m majoring in comm, did u like the program? what r u doing now?

Spoken like a true ODU student.

No, that’s not why!

wow. such cool. /s

What year did you go to ODU & what’s your major? Communications?

You sure that’s not Liberty you mean?

I forgot to mention that I’d be online. I’ve heard similar experiences with advisors at just about every college, unfortunately. Also had advisors with bad communication at a previous college (in the communication department, even!😅) Thanks for your input! It’s nice to hear about the opportunities. My perception was way off because of what others have told me.

Well if those aren't what they were worried about, then the reputation is fine.

Prof who defended pedophiles as 'minor-attracted persons' resigns

Don't let the door hit ya where the Lord split ya.

Just applied

Honest to god dont come until covid goes away odu has been hell since covid

Although different for everyone, bottom line it’s just different with all the regulations and restrictions in place

Agreed. I'm still trying to figure out why ODU Online professors are using covid as an excuse for not knowing how to use Blackboard or teach online. Don't they know that we can see they taught this last term and before covid? lol

Idk, it's been godly for me

Dude the professors are so dogshit rn

Update: They're still dogshit and it's answering sooo sooo many questions.

ODU’s COVID-19 cases triple in less than 2 weeks NORFOLK, Va. (WAVY) — Old Dominion University is reporting 51 cases of COVID-19 as of Monday morning. The latest updates come from ODU’s COVID-19 testing dashboard. This is up from only 16 cases reported on Sept. 2. Overall, the university has conducted a total of 1,683 tests since the start of fall semester. It is a multi-layered approach to COVID-19 testing, which consists of in-house testing for symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals. \-------------------------------------------- [https://www.wavy.com/news/health/coronavirus/odus-covid-19-cases-triple-in-less-than-2-weeks/](https://www.wavy.com/news/health/coronavirus/odus-covid-19-cases-triple-in-less-than-2-weeks/) Any comments on this story and predictions?

I believe that number is going to rise rather drastically. It is very likely that people who were positive and either asymptomatic or symptomatic and just didn't care have been in and out of high-traffic buildings. Students are still getting together for group work and not following social distancing protocols (sitting close to each other and removing masks). I hope we can get it under control, but I have already seen how hard people are resisting even the most basic request to keep your mouth and nose covered in buildings, so I imagine we will eventually go the way of many other universities and end up having to revert back to online-only.

Compared to other universities of this size, this is a low number. Though, any number is scary.

To me, the biggest surprise is how few people have been tested. [A previous Wavy article] (https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wavy.com/news/local-news/norfolk/odu-covid-19-confirmed-cases-testing-updates/amp/) includes the COVID dashboards showing other Virginia university statistics. ODU is way behind in terms of the ratio of tests to students. As of today: W&M: 92% UVA: 73% VT: 37% RU: 36% VCU: 14% JMU: 11% GMU: 10% ODU: 7% Makes me wonder how many more positive cases are wandering campus.

Great. I'm going to end up to my entire grad program via Zoom. Fml

Stop going to parties morons. I know for sure some people here are still having them for some reason.

Glad I'm living off campus this year. It sucks that we're mostly stuck in our homes but at least we aren't as at risk, or that number would be a lot higher. Also for those of you that don't wear a mask when walking around campus (and I've seen you I know you exist) please stop, you're making everything more dangerous for everybody.

Yeah most non teacher employees are working from home. They know whats coming.

I wish that was an option for all of us! I am able to partially telework, but I am required to be on campus for about half of my workweek. I'm just hoping the precautions I am taking are helping. I am definitely concerned about catching it and taking it home to my uninsured partner.

Parking pass "Rebates" are a fucking joke. I'm sorry, 20 dollars for a 136 dollar pass for only being able to park there half the semester? They claim they subtracted "University incurred charges." What the actual fuck is that and why are students paying for it? Anyone else raising hell over it?

Dude, I get it. Thinking about starting a little support group for all the people ODU parking has violated.

The parking office is just a revanue stream for them🤷🏻‍♂️

Not to mention they have to pay the people who enforce the parking pass junk. 8 dollars an hour to sit in a car. What a dream.

Classes started the end of January and we didn't even get halfway through March. $20 is pretty bullshit.

How do you know how much you got back? Where does that show?

That's bullshit.

I got a whole $10 back so generous ...

Did you pay with a credit card? If so, dispute the charges with them, ask for a partial refund. Seller charges aren't really your concern as a consumer. If you don't already own a credit card (debit / prepaid cards don't count), then absolutely get one if you can. Charge disputes, extended warranties, fraud protection (stolen debit card means they drain your account, stolen credit card means they steal from the bank and you're protected) are just a few of the advantages. But be careful about fees, interest, etc. and don't use it as a means to overspend.

20 dollars is definitely insane. We should essentially be getting back half of what we paid, which I believe was 138? Anyway, it seems like they were literally like “here’s 20 dollars, now stfu.” lol

ODU Parking Rape Survivors Group. I fucking hate those meter maids.

They sent an email

Two-Factor Rant This "two-factor" thing that we need to get on blackboard is a little ridiculous. I have to download an extra app on my phone just to log onto my blackboard?? Is this really such a big problem? Why do I have to do extra steps to see homework and grades and my school info, are people really that bad at keeping their info to themselves? Don't make me jump through hoops, going on blackboard is depressing enough I don't want to have 5 steps to just get into my account (in which I have to change my password twice a year).

Yea this is 100% bullshit. I just bit the bullet and got a yubi key

I know. I think they switched it to having to change passwords 4x a year. I just had to change mine and I swear I did in december/january. But anyway, I agree, my phone isn't always on. At least it's only once a week. My bank doesn't even make me do this bullshit.

Yeah it’s annoying, especially because I’ve never even heard of someone having confidentiality issues prior to 2 factor. A couple of other Virginia schools also have it I think, so ODU was probably just hoping on the trend. I know UVA had it like a semester before us

yeah, i know someone who doesn't have a smartphone, just a flip phone that texts and calls, and she only has access to the duo app through her tablet (which doesn't always work). that kind of 2fa really leaves people in the dust sometimes

Complain to ITS, a lot. If they think enough people hate it, they might go away from it. That's my plan, at least. Better than ranting to people who feel the same way.

I already had a yubikey and love it but the ODU 2FA system I've used yet that doesn't support firefox which is incredibly annoying.

2FA has been around in the real world for a long time. Academia is late to the party.

ODU wide receiver Zach Pascal invited to NFL combine

Welcome to ODU. When we cant steal your whole bike...we steal everything else.

wow what a week

Which rack is that?

Its usually the bike seat. Just for kicks

I just got my front tire stolen :(

Whybdo they steal seats?

By the Soccer Stadium entrance on 43rd

Sorry about the news ): I would report to ODUPD At least you can ride a wheelie everywhere though!

I saw that shit and thought about posting a pic but my phone was dead.

Some ODU pics I have on my phone

These are nice, I especially like #12. I think I can kinda see my house in that one!!

ODU Meet-Up Hey, everyone! I figured it might be nice to do some sort of meet up during the first week or so of school, especially for the incoming freshman so you guys can get to know a few people. Would that be something people would be interested in? I'd need to know when the best day and time would be as well as some things we could do. I figure some ideas would be just simple lunch/dinner at the caf [I could swipe in 3-4 people without meal plans], lunch/dinner in House of Blue or something, lunch/dinner in the Village or Del Vecchs, the first ODU AfterDark that Friday, or the Dance Party or Block Party that first Saturday. Those are just a few ideas :)

I'll go if there is some sort of reminder. I have the memory of a gold fish. And I am a bit ODU right now if you know what i mean.... If you don't I'm drunk

Sounds good to me. I'd be up for Webb or Del Vechs. Repost this in a month though so that we remember to do it for once. EDIT: Maybe crosspost with /r/Norfolk? I know there's some ODU guys on there.

I'd be cool with this. Let's try and plan something! As an incoming freshman who hasn't met anyone ye except for on here I think this is a great idea!

Count me in for a meet up. We could meet up at someones house and fire up a grill and have a good-ol reddit cookout? I don't know about you other ODU redditors, but i'm never against some burgers and beers.

Hey, guys! What would you guys like to do? There is a suggested date on Saturday at noon, meeting at the lion.

Ya this sounds fun i would definitely be down for that

They've tried this before, it still hasn't happened

Sounds neat. Alright, keep us posted

I'm up for it!

Might be interested. As long as no one minds an old grad student (27).

I'm an incoming transfer student. I am down for hanging out before the semester starts if anyone is going to be around campus. I'll be moving into my apartment on the 13th of august.

Totally down.

Sounds awesome

I'd love to meet up. I won't say where I work on here, but look for a hint on my name tag when you're all getting around campus. Chances are you'll come across me. Regarding date and time, I'd shoot for early Saturday night-that way it won't interfere with anyone's classes and of we decide to party later, it's still an option.

How do you know about the block party :O! My group of friends and I are planning it!

Someone remind me and I will definitely be there! Are any one of you girls?

I'd be down too, man.

Totally down! Coming in as a freshman and I'd love to meet people.

Is this still on?

Thanks! Doing it now :)

There is a post in the official college reddit meetup day for sept. 15 at Del vecs at 7pm. Me and my two roommates will most likely be there. Here is the link, http://redditgifts.com/meetups/odu-meetup/ As far as other meetups, what are you guys into? Red Dog saloon in ghent has some killer happy hour specials on beer and if your not 21, the $.50 tacos are good on a college budget. Not to mention is just a fun place to hang out. Or even just a casual meetup at some place in the ODU village?

Oh, I will make it happen. I don't care if I show up by myself somewhere and say, "YAY REDDIT!"

I'm down. You can give us some sage advice on what to do after we graduate. I graduate at in May and I feel royally fucked.

As a 26-year-old sophomore, I don't mind having someone there who is my own age. :-)

Middle of the month? Sounds like you might be moving into the district...say it ain't so!

Can we have a hint? This is seriously going to bug me now.

No, does anyone have any ideas?

Wow I wrote that quiet well for my state of mind.

Welp. This [image](http://imgur.com/FluxK) has been firmly implanted in my mind... sigh.

Hint: very obvious if you look at my comment history.

Hahaha. I think if we all meet, I'm going to hold this up so you can find me.

Good luck living there... moving out next week and have lived there for 2 years - went downhill since they opened, such a shame. :/

Hahaha. Done :P

Sounds like a plan to me :) I might be late, so I might grab someone's number. I have a class for Aramark.

To make this a bit more "official" - create a meetup at redditgifts.com Makes it easier for people to know who's coming and more people can find it. I know I'll want to have another once since I am busy that Saturday.

What went downhill? Is there somewhere better?

The whole place - management, maintenance, gym equipment broken, not being allowed in the pool (someone pooped in it once and another poured alcohol and fried chicken in it), smells gross, doors always broken, no notifications on packages, walls are paper thin, robberies, rent too damn high for what you get and constantly going up, charging you fees for things you didn't do, etc. Shall I go on? If I didn't have a job or my BF being on base here, I would be more than happy to go back in to the dorms. I can't really say there are too many places super close to campus like the District is, but there were some hopefuls that I was looking into with Meredith Management before I convinced my parents that it would be MUCH cheaper for me to live with my BF (going from $905 to $350 a month is hella better).

Well... I immediately regret my decision. haha

2.3 gpa senior I have a dream Being stupid my freshman and sophomore year of high school I ended up with a 2.13. With the help of Avid I ended my junior year with a 2.8 did a summer English with a 3.0 now I’m at a 2.3. I have visions to go to college and due to circumstances I can go to CC, also I hate where I live I just want to move out and live a new life I absolutely despise where I live. As of rn I have mostly A’s and B’s did some gpa and it says I have a gpa of 2.7 any luck getting in a college like ODU or VCU preferably ODU cuz of the fb team and they’re close to the beach NSU is fine so as VSU but I’m not all to interested but I’ll go if I have to. I’m kinda just ranting cuz I’m depressed and confused but thanks for reading

You will likely be admitted to ODU if you submit a full application. Be warned though, 2.7 high school effort won't yield 2.7 results in college. You will need to build off the momentum you have been developing over the last two years and continue to improve in order to succeed at the college level.

You can get guaranteed admission to any public school in Virginia if you start off at community college and build a better gpa, but I think you’ve got a decent chance either way at ODU. Nothing is out of your reach. My husband graduated with a 2.1 gpa from high school and a 3.8 from college!

I got into ODU with a 2.3 GPA albeit many years ago. Best thing you can do is apply. Good luck!

I've worked in ODU admissions and I would highly recommend the CC route. The standards have certainly risen in the last couple of years.

Hey saw your post on the vcu page — 33 year old applying to return to school. I had a friend go to CC at the town local to the college he wanted to transfer to. It got him out of the town & he got to meet people at the college he was transferring to. As a plan b option. Good luck!

ODU isn’t that picky, but they’re a little bit with their freshman you might have to do a semester or two at TCC first. Had pretty similar grades though and got in after getting my associates, and they let me in with pretty similar grades a couple years after graduation for my masters.

My friend graduated civil engineering with a 2.0 her guidance counselor told her multiple times to switch, but she never did. Now!!!! She’s about to become the PE in her firm!

Join the military, use TA or even use the GI Bill after you get out. I never had to take any any SATs, or ACTs. A university sees GI Bill and all they see is dollar signs.

You have a great chance. You may be required to write a statement explaining your situation and why your grades were not up to par. But tell them your story and you should be okay. Worst case scenario you get rejected and can start college at Tidewater Community College. Take a few classes, then transfer the following year.

You can try it no harm there but if you don’t get in and ODU is really your top choice, I would say go to TCC for a year , and transfer. Don’t settle . -you’ll get your gen Ed’s out the way (math,English science etc. ) And you could do it online for the first year if need be.

I left high school with a 3.7. I attended ODU with a few folks who came in with 2.5’s and 2.6’s. Shoot your shot. If you miss, reapply after some CC time. But look, ODU isn’t MIT lol. You’ll do just fine if you apply yourself. Plenty of 3.0 kids come in and finishing their freshman year below the 3.0 mark. Too many nights out on 46th street I guess.

U kno I had straight Z’s and 1 B at TCC and the lowest gpa because I never did any of my work and played around. Lost my financial aid and years later saw a TikTok about southern New Hampshire university, stayed there for 2 years it was all online. Never had test or exams at the university just had to write papers but only took 2 classes a semester, got straight A’s and B’s. Anyways applied to ODU and got in. I think you can do it, like u should apply to ODU or VCU straight to see if u will get in and also apply to tcc as well just as a precaution. I had a GED never made it to the end of high school.

Wdym by full application like sat scores as well. And yeah I full understand that I need to do better than what I did in highschool

The problem with cc is that I won’t have anywhere to live but if I do get to ODU I’ll swear to myself to get a min of a 4.0

What year did you apply.

Yk if cc has housing

What’s at 46th street 😂

Applications get bounced if they don't contain all the "required" pieces, that is what I meant. The "optionals" are truly optional. The effort comment was simply meant to reflect the reality of college work. Many students who come into ODU with high school GPAs under 3.0 struggle because they lack some critical skills, which could be some knowledge from classes (math and writing most frequently), but more commonly they struggle with skills related to time management, attention management/focus, and attention to detail. Most faculty will give zeros, will not accept late work, and will expect that you spend 3 hours per week on their subject for every one hour you spend in class. That reality shocks a lot of students and causes many to fail before they fully understand how it works. I don't like seeing students fall into that, so I warn them. Good luck with your decision.

Understandable! Like I said I think you have a good chance. And if you get into ODU (which I do imagine you would!!) you would have the same chance to earn a higher gpa and prove yourself. Id imagine from there anywhere would be willing to overlook your past, given how well you did when given a new chance! Good luck, I’m very optimistic for your future.

I don't believe they do. There's a company close to ODU that rents rooms to students at a cheaper rate if you look at TCC

Check out Richard Bland. They're a junior college that does housing. Located in Petersburg

Do y'all like what my last meal at ODU was a year ago?

The silverware and real plates impresses!

Lmao those are from the Brod, which also impresses me. "The Brod supplies"

Can you guess where the blue chair is from?

That's like.. an office chair style I think.

When you go to perry library go in the back that people forget exists

Your name serves you right, you're a wizard

Injured cat on campus If anyone sees, there’s a cat limping around that needs to be caught and taken to a vet. He’s over by the 43rd and elkhorn garage. We tried to catch him but he got away from us and we have class.

Call animal control they can help them or if you think it will end up in a kill shelter contact a on campus rep for animal cruelty they’ll know people. SGA has a meeting at 3pm they’ll know people too

It gets better

Odu lgbt groups? Hey! Is there any Lgbt/trans groups at ODU? I tried looking at the official sites and none of them seem to be either updated, or like they're actually groups for people to join and more of councils of people for some reason? Idk if im looking in the wrong places or what. But even if there isnt im down to make friends with anyone!

Totally! Check out @odu_q on IG and https://odu.edu/life/support/wgec/lgbt 🙌🌈

recent COVID email. boosters are required and we are starting spring as planned.

Great precaution to keep classes going in person and all heathy and safe!

What happens when everyone catches Covid? I guess it’ll be forced back online then?

What about fully online students?

This is a poor decision and is quite troubling.

probably. Not that many people caught covid last semester from what I remember. But dam, this current wave is fucking huge in hampton roads. So who knows.

I don't think you're required to do anything if you're fully online. Maybe if you're technically an on-campus student and just taking all online classes

very troubling

Almost every person I know literally has Covid right now or has a s/o or family that has Covid. It’s actually crazy.

Yea Ik a lot of people who got it over break, including myself lol

yoo chillllll

You know that meme from the matrix where the guy is dodging bullets? That's us right now I'm suprised no one in my family had died yet. its straight up impressive.

Just checked Covid rates, 18,000 cases in one day in VA.

jesus fucking christ

Subreddit Rules / Establishing More Structure Hey, all you ODU peeps. I am one of the moderators of this subreddit. I'd like to add more structure to the subreddit by establishing some basic ground rules and allow you guys, the subreddit users, a better experience here. If you have suggestions that you've seen work in the past, please comment down below. Got an idea of how we can help this subreddit out a little bit? Let's hear it. Comment down below what you guys would like to see and I'll try to make it happen.

A pinned post with threads on campus/related resources would be good, IMO. Maybe a few pinned posts, one for social/entertainment groups/resources, one for academic resources, stuff like that.

Better monitoring of the posts. That dude was posting bullshit about Obama and it was annoying.

Oooo. Another idea. What if we added flairs to better categorize posts? Like: Question, Social, Academic, administration is being a dick again and I need help, etc.

Announcements/ posts about major or interesting events going on around campus, involvement fair, homecoming etc.

No porn? Or whatever that was that got posted the other day

I think we should work on getting more students to join the subreddit.

He's back talking about Nixon.

Yeah working on that. Hoping to have stuff like that removed more quickly in the future.

Almost hit this dumbass on Hampton Blvd

I'm on campus just about every day, and those things and their riders make me so furious. Also, most of them are listening to their airpods or something else and are completely oblivious to the world around them. I can't believe more people aren't being badly injured.

The problem is not the scooters, it's the riders who fail to understand that just because they're not walking doesn't mean they don't have to follow the same rules.

A solid reminder to be safe on those things.

ODU one of five schools to have a Super Bowl Champion and a World Series Champion this season #ODUFB #ODUSports

From sub shop to Super Bowl: Eagles Longsnapper Lovato becomes first ODU graduate to win a Super Bowl

ODU wins Vegas 16 tournament title with win over Oakland

ODU streaker wins indecent exposure appeal

Don't be an idiot, look where you're going. I've seen way too many people walking around with their heads buried in their phones. Today someone doing this kicked and broke my laptop. It's irresponsible and dangerous. I've also almost hit people with my bike when they suddenly decide they want to walk on the wrong side of the pathway without even looking up. I've never hit anyone, but if I do, I can promise it won't be because I was the person not paying any attention.

Couldn't agree more. Additionally I've noticed when i occasionally need to leave campus students don't seem to pay much attention to the cross walk sign and just go whenever they feel like, which really sucks when you've been waiting 10 min for the lights to cycle so you can turn and some ass hat crosses the street (usually on their phone) and then you have to wait longer.

Where were you laying that they were able to kick your laptop? Not to take away from your point though, I absolutely despise people who can't be bothered to look where they're going. I've certainly given a few hard shoulders in my day.

What's even worse is the people on longboards and on their phone not paying attention (coming from someone who regularly cruises around campus) Be courteous to others, and if your skating in crowded areas pick up your board and walk, it really doesn't make that big of a difference.

Riding a bike is frustrating around the library and kaufman. So many people not paying attention or walking walking 5 wide.

Had it leaning up against my chair in class and the person kicked it walking by. It's not really a big deal since I have insurance, but it's still annoying to have to wait a week or so on getting it fixed.

Cyclist here. Get over it. They are pedestrians, and it's you that needs to be looking out for them. Sidewalks are for people, not for bikes.

I know that, its just an annoyance that I thought I'd share. That's just the way it is.

What do yall think about ODU? I’m about to apply for colleges and my counselor is urging me to apply to ODU but I’m having a hard time finding information about what students think about the school, professors, social life, dorming/housing, etc. I do not care about football or sports whatsoever I just want to get my degree while still having a social life. I’d appreciate if you guys could share your opinions about the school, especially nursing majors!! Edit: Just wanted to point out I live around Richmond so I’m not familiar with the area of the school. I’m also a woman but I grew up in quite sketchy areas (outside of US) so I know how to avoid trouble, regarding many people pointing safety concerns. I’m also going to attend on campus and I’m not sure if I’m housing or dorming yet! My other options are VCU, Christopher Newport, JMU, GMU, UMW, Radford, etc.

I was a commuter student doing Computer Science. Basically lived on campus each day hanging out with friends, using the gym, attending the anime club and other extra curricular activities. It was a great experience for me. I loved the teachers, I did student work study program and got to deliver classroom equipment and do quality control checks of class rooms, and as a grad student I was able to teach a computer lab class. It was some of the best times I've had and made life long friends. The campus is quite pretty, you have a good deal of food options. Norfolk has a great food scene.

For a nursing major ODU is ur best bet in this area. ODU and EVMS just merged so ur gritted a place in their nursing school. It’s a very diverse campus and tons of clubs to join and make friends. Most students are really nice and easily approachable. The professors are generally okay sometimes not so much but over all pretty good and u can use rate my professor to fund the good ones. Another great thing about ODU is you can take most of your general eds at TCC for cheaper and get them transferred no problem (thts the biggest highlight for me personally). Safety is for sure a worry on ODU campus but I’ve been attending part time for 5 years and never felt unsafe. The campus itself is typically very safe you’ll almost always see ODU pd around but the surrounding neighborhoods aren’t the best safety wise. I personally commute and don’t live near campus (it’s too expensive and the homes near buy are generally run down)

Just my opinion the school/campus itself is good just the area it’s in is not. It’s in a hood that’s still gentrifying meaning if you don’t have a car on campus, you’ll have to rely on the dining hall or fast food since it’s in a food desert. The campus itself is very safe, just don’t walk alone at night. The students are very nice and there’s lots of diversity. If your looking for trouble you can easily find it, if you want to avoid trouble you can also easily avoid it. Most of the on campus housing is bad. I recommend a tour for all colleges if possible it helps out a lot.

I'm not sure if you're looking to go on campus or online but I will say the campus is very open to the public if you're going in person that's about all I can testify too it was a bit shocking when I commuted to get to the testing center so definitely some safety concerns there. If you're going online for classes at all doing hybrid or fully online for parts of your degree, I feel like you need to be aware they are forcing a change in classes from 16 week courses for online to 8 just in case that factors in for your decision making.

It’s better than Norfolk State lol

Its not the absolute best but not the absolute worst. I could go into everything and write an essay but it’s unnecessary everyone will hate different opinions. I’ve spent 3 years here with a break of 4 years in between so I’ve seen the “old” college and what it is now. It’s not headed in the best direction tbh

Consider attending Bon Secour for nursing or a nearby community college for a more affordable option.

I went to Hampton for undergrad and ODU for grad school, and I loved both, especially living in Norfolk. Tidewater Virginia is my favorite place. It is the most beautiful part of the state. ODU is incredibly diverse, and for the quality of learning you get, I do not think there is a better value in Virginia and you're in the greatest city in the US.

as someone who also doesn’t care about sports, i think the school is mediocre. i’m sure there’s better schools out there but it isn’t the worst school ever. i chose odu because of the close proximity to my house and the cost of tuition. i commute so idk much about the dorms, but from what ive seen, they’re def better than other schools. the ones i’ve seen look “nice” but im sure theres ones that aren’t great also. professor wise, def depends on your major. i feel like my “worst” professors have been ones that teach something outside of my major. for example, im a speech path major, and my worst professors were for gaming and chem. i enjoy my speech path professors a lot actually. (coming from someone who despises school) social life i also don’t know much about, but the clubs ive joined have been great, you just need to put yourself out there. there’s lots of opportunities for finding things to do. moral of the story, i would look to other schools, but keep odu in the back of your mind. worse case scenario, if you dont like the school you choose, transferring is always an option. it’s a lot more common than you’d think 🙂

The school reputation lies in their sports and research expenditures. But the actual education and university facilities are really old and not well maintained. It seems that they haven’t recovered since covid and pushing 3 hours, once a week, online lectures and labs on students, you can imagine what that will do to the quality of education. The area around campus is a mix of nice neighborhoods and not so good housing. Not many options for dinning. I would consider VCU, UV or VT over ODU.

Probably want to look at James Madison or George mason for nursing

My story exactly, have you managed to get a job in CS since graduating?

why do you say the housing is bad? i feel like we’re quite lucky considering there’s no communal bathrooms, they all have ac, they’re decently sized, etc.

I wouldnt say that odu is in a bad area. It isnt the best place for a woman to walk at night, but compared to vcu, it is safe(r). I also wouldn't call it a food desert. There is a food lion a mile away. I used to walk there from powhatan every other week, i would highly reccomend getting/renting a bike

calling norfolk a food desert is crazy

Most college campuses are generally open to the public. That’s not a unique thing about ODU.

So, I am applying to ODU for grad school and the email I received about this was that it was an option now for all classes, not that we HAVE to go down to 8-week courses. Is that no longer the case?

Omg I’m doing speech language pathology too, I have a chemistry teacher name Pinky McCoy and she is literally the worst.

I would look at a school that actually has a medical school for anything healthcare related. JMU and GMU do not. ODU and VCU do.

Yeah, I'm on job 4 with 12 years of experience

That’s a great point. I’ve heard great things about the quad but mixed reviews about villages and everywhere else. Living in Gresham is not the best but not the worst.

Why is it crazy lol

I didn't say it was unique to ODU. OP asked questions about the campus and I responded so they can make an informed decision. The area and crime statistics could potentially impact their decision making.

It's for online courses it's the 8 week shift and for in person you get to choose. I'm an online only distance learning student so my choice was taken 🙃

Here's a copy and paste of the email I got As part of Old Dominion University’s Forward-Focused Digital Transformation Initiative, we are excited to announce a groundbreaking shift in our approach to online education. After months of careful consideration and extensive research on student needs, demands, and the most effective structures to support online learners, ODU is transforming the digital learning experience to deliver unmatched flexibility, engagement, and access to premium online education. Beginning Fall 2026, all ODUGlobal (online) courses will move to an asynchronous, accelerated 8-week format. This dynamic approach is meticulously designed to be accessible, interactive, and finely tuned to optimize student success by adapting to your lifestyle and learning preferences. This means: Accelerated: All online undergraduate, master’s, and certificate courses will be offered in six 8-week terms each year (two in Fall, two in Spring, and two in Summer). This model allows students to take fewer courses at a time while maintaining full-time progress year-round. (Ph.D. programs are being reviewed individually.) Asynchronous: There will be no required live meeting times, though your professors may choose to incorporate optional synchronous components.

hahah yes i had her a few semesters ago too! that thankfully wasn’t my first chem class so i already knew the content but the exams lowkey screwed me over 🙏 so blessed i passed because idk what i would’ve done if i didnt

Oh interesting, I only really based that off of the nurses I know I feel like everyone went to those two schools.

Can confirm that at least Virginia House is wonderful, I was lucky to get a single room - definitely small, but it had all the essentials. Plus, I shared a bathroom with one person (plus maybe guests). The Quad is also in the perfect spot on campus imo, you're right by the Webb and the Rec Center, there are events held just outside your door sometimes, and you're max 10 minute away from your classes. It's also more shielded from off-campus folk as well, if that's a concern

its not a food desert.

That should have no effect on decision making, considering that’s true of literally almost every college. You didn’t say anything about crime statistics, or I’d have agreed that’s marginally valid compared to other schools. There is no ‘you-derangement-syndrome’. You just made an irrelevant point and someone else corrected you and you got defensive over it. Go on about your day. It’s not a big deal.

i dont understand why you got downvoted you made a valid point... are we just gonna ignore reality.. at the same time i get that people are trying to erase that narrative so i can respect and get behind that too kind of but lets be realistic. ill say this as an alum from several years ago, i know multiple ppl that got jammed up out there in the streets and it had to do w alc/drugs every single time, so id say if you stay away from that, youll be fine, cliché, but thats my reflection of my experiences.

The “offered” part for master’s programs makes it sound like it’s an option, and not a requirement

Yes girl, her exams are overly hard for no reason. She doesn’t even teach she basically reads off the slides the exams are getting to me also.. I failed the first 2 already, I just want to pass the class. At least the lab is way easier I have Anna Silver for that she’s very good. I do very well on the homework but the exams really is a flop. The practice exam also isn’t the same as the regular exam the questions on the regular exams are much harder than what she shows and teaches. Every-time someone brings up her name there are always complaints lol, I wish I would’ve checked rate my professor sooner.

I like to view it as little man syndrome where these randoms on Reddit pick one person randomly to make a shitty comment to and don't bother others that said similar information lol whatever makes them feel better about themselves I suppose. To me being a female, campus safety would 100% be a concern when I'm looking at being on campus, especially for on campus housing. My mom is an ODU employee and I've heard plenty of stories about random people causing issues wandering onto campus. I also never said it was specific to ODU so idk why they felt personally affronted, but I won't be losing sleep over it.

I would recommend you talk to someone on campus maybe your advisor just to verify but my understanding is that for online courses it's no longer optional to choose including for masters programs.

My perception is that they're not saying you can choose to do an 8 week course or not they're saying we are offering these classes for 2 terms in spring, summer, and fall so you can choose from which terms you'd like to take. I have several friends that go to ASU online where all online classes are formatted for 8 weeks and their terms are split into term A/term B. It says *all online courses* so I don't think there will be options for anything but 8 weeks during registration

i think the other professor has reviews similar, so i just picked whoever worked best with my schedule and hoped for the best 🙏 best of luck to you in that class

I have a scheduled meeting with my admissions advisor on Friday, so I’ll be sure to ask then

Hmm. It’s seems like there a certain amount of nuance to the new system, so talking with my advisor is probably my best bet

Yes you're right I lost 0.5 secs typing a reply. Idk how I'll ever recover 😭😭😭

Yeah I feel like it can't hurt to double check but I know most of the r/ODU subreddit is also upset about this sudden change because they didn't actually ask for online student input. I'd definitely look into it ASAP because I know registration is creeping up quick and I'm not thrilled about the change but staying because I have family employed at ODU and I get 6 free credits/semester so it feels like it would be a poor choice to take out loans if I don't have to

I definitely will always recommend speaking with your advisor. I just wanted to forewarn others! But definitely get it straight from the source! I didn't see anything in this email about another option though and I know I'd be extra mad if the grad students had an advantage over undergrads with this new program that none of us got a say in

I also found this which says the same thing I was thinking on the official site if you want to fact check my sources that's totally understandable! It unfortunately also says all grad courses and undergrad will move to 8 weeks starting Spring 2026 under the third bullet point. [ODU Digital Transformation Initiative](https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative)

Omg I’m gonna crash out

I'm so sorry to be the bearer of bad news. I just wanted to make sure you were able to talk to someone ASAP instead of waiting til Friday because I feel like it's time sensitive especially for grad school

About to be a new student at ODU, looking for advice. I am going to be a freshman starting this fall and I'm kind of nervous. If you have any advice on making college friends I would love to hear it as that is what I am most worried about at this moment.

Don't wait for people to talk to you. Take initiative, and if someone is dry, that's on them. Also, don't share too many personal details with new people about life prior to college. More specifically, people don't like to hear purely negative things (if any) about your past, no matter how much they may sympathize with you. Treat ODU as an opportunity to start a new, don't carry your old potential boring social life into this fresh start. Know people in your classes it's a game changer. Even if it's just 1 or 2 people, it makes a difference when you might be stuck with or need help with something. Be on top of assignments, do them as soon as they are given, and you will never have to submit trash last minute. Be smart with how you use meal plans and space it out for the week. Ex. If you got 10 swipes a week, use 2 mon-friday and then flex during the weekend.

Game design club is popular and lots of friendly people. Art club is cool too

There’s an event during the first week (maybe it’s the week before) classes start where many of the organizations have a table to kinda advertise themselves. I recommend checking it out! As for fraternities/sororities, there are Greek (social [this is likely what you are thinking of when you hear fraternity/sorority]), honors (some tied to your major, some not), service (lots of volunteer work), and professional (these are often tied to your major). I love the professional engineering fraternity(Theta Tau) I joined, and still keep in contact with many of my brothers (almost 10 years later!) In fact, a brother helped me land my first engineering job, which got my foot in the door to start my career! As for making friends, the dorms will have you meeting a bunch of people, and you’ll meet classmates (highly recommended forming study groups regardless of your major!). If you are in the dorms, I believe (unless they’ve changed the policies) that you are required to get a meal plan. HIGHLY recommend getting the plan with the fewest meals, but highest flex cash (or whatever they call it now). You won’t want to eat at the mess hall 3x/day, and the flex cash is great for mixing it up. And the end of the semester you’ll likely have a bunch of meal swipes left over. If you do, other classmates (commuters especially) would love the free swipe into the mess hall. My brother and sisters used to study in the mess halls to take advantage of the food.

There has been a lot of good stuff on here, but I wanted to suggest something to you that I learned way too late I'm my college career that might kill two birds with one stone with you. Study groups are absolute magic. I cannot overstate how much doing this helped me get my degree. You know how they say you don't really know something until you can teach it to somebody else? Well a study group provides you people to explain stuff to in spades. And if you don't know something, boom there's someone right there to explain it to *you!* And I certainly made some friends in the exam trenches this way too. But all in all, have fun, be your earnest self and be intentional in talking with folks and I'm sure you'll fall in to a crowd you'll enjoy. Also, go to professor's office hours!!! Holy crap I wish I did this more. Unless you got a real stinker professors love talking to and helping students. They are an incredible resource in college and beyond, and one you are paying not a small amount of money for!!!

For your classes, please use ratemyprofessor, it will definitely come in handy for your classes. Best of luck

100% join clubs or student orgs in the coming fall, this is prime time to meet new people and build relationships early in your college journey. If it’s your cup of tea, I would say join a Greek org. Which ever way you go, you’re bound to find someone like minded.

on a serious note, what are your interests or things about you? i can help advise you to some clubs

There are people in the same boat as you . You will just have to find them . Be out going and don’t be scared of rejection/failure. There was an episode of “King of the Hill” where Boomhauer is showing Bobby how to pick up chicks. Boomhauer got rejected a bunch but kept persistent and ended up getting a number. Give it a watch. There are local game shops to support your tabletop interest as well as a club (at-least they were starting one back 2010-2011) . Be careful around 26th and 27th street and don’t walk around with both ear pods in . Keep good situational awareness and you can avoid any trouble the surrounds the campus.

Like everyone else is saying, join groups related to your interests. I know it sounds dumb, telling you to just talk to people-- but it's true. People won't just randomly walk up to you in college. If you don't take initiative, you'll be lonely. There's many many student groups, and oftentimes on the corkboards around Webb or some other buildings there will be posters of current and upcoming events to go to, or clubs to join. Even if it's not something you're particularly interested in-- something new doesn't hurt! I was extremely worried about making friends due to my social anxiety when I got here but I joined the marching band and a music service fraternity and I have to say that I'm doing better in life than I ever previously was. I've found my place. If you ever want to learn an instrument and join the band, let me know. I'd be happy to help teach you if I have the means.

I made some of my best friends during my time at ODU. I was involved in the campus newspaper, radio station, campus ministries and went to many athletics events. Some of the best times of my life were on that campus.

don’t go here

Thanks for the suggestion! I was looking at the organizations and I'm genuinely surprised that there is no D&D/TTRPG club lol.

I thought that game design was only a major lol.

thanks man! I'm not going to be living on campus since I already live 30 mins away so its not really worth it, but I will try to socialize with the people in my classes! I'll check out the fraternities/sororities too, they seem pretty cool!

Almost had me for a moment lol. I'm mostly into gaming and the like. I also enjoy writing and drawing occasionally. My main hobbies are paddle boarding and airsoft though lol

I think there are some around but not officially. What are your other interests?

I can also atest to the Game Design club, the club will be changing structure next semester to kind of like a game-jam. Im not a game design student (I'm an art student) but I still have fun and contribute! Id recommend it :)

Mostly just gaming and stuff. I sort of like writing and drawing, it's not my biggest hobby. Paddle boarding is what I would say to be a big hobby of mine, and airsoft too.

The ODU Rec Center has really cheap paddle boards for rent, I think like $6 a day. A good option if you can’t bring your own and want to take one out

I'm also into gaming and drawing and writing and stuff, I'm down to hang out sometime if ur okay with that. I'll be a sophomore

One of the best airsoft fields in the country is in Chesapeake (Ballahack Airsoft). It has nothing to do with ODU, but if you will have a car you’ll have plenty of opportunity to meet people at the field on weekends. They usually have hundreds of players. You might be able to get other students interested in going with you. You probably already know this if you’re local to the area but it’s worth mentioning.

dw i got one as a graduation gift.

Have you witnessed something similar?

My mother graduated in 2004 and I used to go to class with her when I was too sick to go to school. I was 8-9 years old, so not at all the same thing, but I’m glad none of my mom’s professors had a problem with it.

That's pretty neat. Same school?

She went to ODU, yeah. She was a career switcher in computer science. I don’t remember the professors.

Take Notes!

ODU plays VA Tech today and “Go ODU” but also. the spread is only 8.5…just sayin’

The spread on ESPN is down to 6.0

ODU 20 VT 17 👍🏻

This [article](https://winnersandwhiners.com/games/ncaaf/9-2-2022/virginia-tech-vs-old-dominion-odu-prediction-4315/) from the oddsmakers says it will be close.

So I am required to get Covid test before going back on campus. But literally all testing locations in the area are filled. So, is it possible for me to go get testing on campus , go back home, wait for the results, then return back to my dorm after it comes back negative?

So literally 10 minutes after me posting this ODU sent out an email comfirming this lol the timing

they're watching

Is it just me or is the odu internet not working? Lately, the odu WiFi has been acting up especially on the computer.

it was fucking up all last night. kept pissing me off

Same. Here.

It doesn't work at all I use my hotspot

no it’s messed up i had a doctors appointment over internet and i had to cancel it

It's messing up. They're aware. https://status.odu.edu/

Mines keep going in and out

It's pretty messed up, even the ethernet was acting up for me which I couldn't understand

I'm so fucking fed up

Its been terrible all semester

t wast fucking up all last night of all. hath kept pissing me off *** ^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.) Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`

Shakespeare-Bot, thou hast been voted most annoying bot on Reddit. I am exhorting all mods to ban thee and thy useless rhetoric so that we shall not be blotted with thy presence any longer.

Powhatan apartments - AC going off during day and heat coming on, melted my milkduds Trying to report this to maintenance (they are off today anyway) but of course I can't get into the system. The AC is going off in my room during the day, and the heat is coming on - got so hot my milkduds melted flat on the dish. Cool air blowing now but sweating like crazy. Glad I was not in here during the day, this is nuts after wearing a mask all day. Rethinking staying in a dorm with this level of craptitude. If not fixed tomorrow I am going to try for a refund and look for an apartment where the landlord is somewhat responsive.

Damn tile requirements

That path looks new

An ODU acting alum is in “The Way Back” with Ben Affleck

r/ODU has reached 1000 subscribers! Congrats everyone!! Let's keep the numbers rolling in! Is anyone interested in an ODU themed meme Monday or just general picture posting day? Something to share photos or videos of stuff we do on campus or something funny for others to enjoy? Hit me back in the comments if you have any opinions!

Yeah, I'm down I take plenty of pictures of campus

I’m down for having a day to post pictures or stuff like that

DO NOT LIVE IN POWHATAN APARTMENTS I just finished a summer internship for a subcontractor running network cables and hanging Wireless Access Points all across campus. While running cables in Powhatan, i saw some of the most disgusting shit that I can’t believe they’re housing students in. Each room has a closet placed next to the front door. Inside this closet is the AC/ Heating unit, as well as water pipes. Since some of these pipes run hot water, they are covered with insulation to prevent you from burning yourself on them. These pipes are so old, they’re leaking, which causes the insulation to become wet and eventually rot, giving way to BLACK MOLD. Keep in mind the pipes are right next to the air unit, so you are literally PUMPING BLACK MOLD THROUGHOUT YOUR ENTIRE APARTMENT. Other things I saw were floors wooden floors completely black from dead flies being stepped on, 1.5 inch cockroaches (yes I measured), and most of the windows don’t lock or don’t close. Please, don’t move in. These building need to be torn down and replaced.

Well fuck me looks like I'll be having lung cancer after the end of this year.

Powhatan is disgusting. I currently live in the village and had friends in Powhatan and the quad. The village is a bit more expensive but I have had almost no issues compared to Powhatan. If you live in the quad like dominion, it’s super nice, newer, and a lot closer to classes.

That's nice that you're telling us but How about you report this to the proper people?

I applied for Powhatan, but I ended up at the INN. I'm already happier here, but this makes it even better

Thank you for reporting this to ODU students, we all appreciate it. Notes taken o\_o

Just took a look in the closet, its very dirty, but I don't see any mold.

I’ve already discussed it with a lawyer. He’s looking into whether or not this is actually illegal.

You da real MVP

Any word yet? Just moved in to powhatan and found a roach amd ac is leaking. Need to know if I need to take action as well.

Honestly I cant get a lawyer to talk to me for more than 10 minutes. I have a feeling that there isn't much they can do here so they don't even give me the time of day.

To the kid I pushed in the web.... I know the chances of you seeing this are unlikely, but I still had to put the apology out there. Maybe a friend you told will see this and relay the message? On Thursday, I was walking through the web with some classmates and I pushed you, both hands on your right arm. You were wearing a plaid shirt that was white and orange. You manged to lean away from me and mutter out a "sorry" while I said "yeah! How are you?!" before realizing you were, in fact, not the friend I thought you were. By then, you had already wandered off quickly in an attempt to get away from me. Who could blame you?! **I'm so incredibly sorry.** It honestly bothers me that I may have made your experience on campus feel less than fantastic and my actions were in no way ill-intentioned though understandably ill-received. Just believe me when I say, you look EXACTLY like a friend of mine named David that I haven't seen for years and I was meaning to catch him off guard by saying 'hello' in an odd fashion. Again, I'm very very very sorry.

Hey! I was the guy who was walking after passing subway when suddenly someone pushed me and may have said something along the lines of "yeah! How are you?!" or was it "Hey, watch it punk!" jk haha I was following a friend out to his next class and wasn't paying attention at all. I thought I bumped into you and just wanted to say sorry and get out of the way! But, I think I did catch you trying to apologize right away so I figured you were joking or did that by accident. It was all good, if you had seen me as I was walking away I was laughing it off and didn't mind. So I hope you don't feel awful about it any longer, I totally understand you didn't mean it.

"odupusher" haha

What were the chances that he'd actually see your apology?? I'm happy both parties are okay with what happened.

David just does not like you at all anymore man.

It's so nice to see everything worked out!

Yes, this is the real truth.

Big Blue sneaking in on National news

Charlie's such a sweetheart. He'll keep you company at the bar, too. [At UPI](http://i.imgur.com/xv5no) [And another](http://i.imgur.com/9g7Wl)

I miss UPI, and ODU for that matter

Vote for Big Blue in the Capital One mascot of the year challenge! lets win 2 years in a row!

Nah man, vote for Buzz! ;D

Interested In Game Design at ODU? Hello! I'm the lab assistant for ODU's game design major and the President of ODU's game design club, here to spread the word about our program! ODU offers both a major in game design as well as a club for students to come together to work on game design projects! If you are interested in learning more about either of these please leave a comment or dm me, I'll be happy to share more info with you!

Honestly I haven’t heard of anyone with this major finding a job in this field. Have a back up or you might be working at Subway.

VERY cool! Could you tell me a little bit about some of the projects students work on in the program, and what kind of events or activities the club typically hosts?

Hit me up with a DM! I'd be down to join the club.

Our major is currently working on two projects. Monarch Odyssey is a mobile game inspired by Pokemon Go. It uses real world location but is themed around ODU, the game allows players to explore and learn about different parts of campus. Net Tech Warriors is a board game themed around cybersecurity. The game is nearing completion and the goal is to have it shipped to high schools to educate and get high school students excited about cybersecurity concepts. The club has also been working on a game for the last two years called Marinara Sweat & Tears. The game is a food-themed roguelike, like cloudy with a chance of meatballs where everything is food. Food weapons, food monsters, food environments, you name it! The club meets regularly during activity hours and we also host casual events like movie nights and game nights as well as game design centered events. The biggest event we host is a game jam. We host one every semester, it is a competition where students have two weeks to create a game based around a certain theme. All the students that participate are then able to show off their games at a special showcase event we host. Aside from these projects, many students in the major / club pursue their own personal game projects in their free time. Many classes in the major have "making a game" as the final project.

Almost finalized schedule

physics at 9am sounds like a horror story

This used to cause me so much stress

I love schedules like this! They’re perfect!

Reminds me of my college days as an ME major. Good luck.

Wait why are you taking so many classes. I’m a sophomore and I’ve only taken 5 every semester, am I like messing up my future years?😭

See you in physics and statics.

This was me for freshman year, 7 classes fall semester. I loved it bc it kept me busy but also I met some of my friends during activity hour bc of it

Mine looked almost exactly like that at 19. Sophomore year was insane

5 classes is more than full schedule. I take 4. This person is taking 5 classes and has a Lab that is partnered with their mechanical engineering class and overlaps with their calculus class. The Mech eng lab is not a class in its own.

Looking forward to it

ODU shooting after game Has anyone heard of what caused a shooting near ODU, around midnight after the VT game? It was on 37th Street in lamberts point

Can we last 1 week please without the craziness 😭

the fucking WHAT

Is this news? Lambert’s Point was a bad neighborhood 30 years ago when I went to ODU,…

It’s always been this way sadly I’m not going to lie to you. I’m a returning student from 2018. The police don’t give a shit Norfolk and ODU. Otherwise they would’ve clamped down on the issues by now. My advice? If you have a better school to go to next year take it ODU is just going to get worse

That's the first i'm hearing about any shooting. Anybody injured?

So sick of all this shit

the party was over and they stopped letting people in, they got mad and jumped one of the house owners and then started shooting

Loud party, ended with a dozen or so gun shots, then a handful after a short pause. Woke me up from a deep sleep, with lots of folks running

Yeah i used to have ladies of the night roll up to my car after getting drunk and high.

I had not heard of an injuries, hopefully no one was struck by gunfire, or hurt in the scramble away

Thank you for the details! So many rumors, I appreciate some clarity!

Had roomate and his friends talking about them running from that last night & trampling people.

Refund Has anyone seen a 0 balance? Make this the post we update on!

Mine still shows a negative balance 😨😭

My balance hit 0 today.

Nothing yet and I could use it since my car broke down.

Still showing negative as of 8:00am on 8/21

12:16 on 08/21. Still waiting. Literally going to cry if it’s not soon. I’m a substitute teacher who hasn’t gotten jobs yet this year. My bills are all late and I have no supplies 🥲

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

Not yet. I called financial aid before and I was told it was gonna hit yesterday

Still nothing yet. Hopefully tomorrow.

Nothing as of 10am Tuesday 8/20

No refund yet but I did get hired for work study at least.

Nothing still

Still nothing…

So far, I’ve got an emails stating that my financial aid has been dispersed into my account which made the money that I owe to the school becomes zero that happened last week and then I got a email talking about my student loans being added to my Financial Aid account as well, though I haven’t heard anything of a refund as of late I hope it comes soon because school is starting in t -6 days

Nothing yet :(

My balance hit zero a few minutes ago. No refund has posted yet, though!

I just got the refund email!! 🤸🏻‍♀️🤸🏻‍♀️🤸🏻‍♀️

UGH, I am still waiting for them to disburse my loans. Why is ODU so slow?

My balance hit $0 recently. Hopefully refunds will be processed soon!

Mine just hit 0 balance!

Checked an hour ago during my lunch break and was negative. Just checked now and it’s 0. In the past few years it’s taken roughly 2 weeks to get my refund.

Mine zero’ed hallelujah!

Now I’m worried because I haven’t gotten the email yet. Last semester they screwed up my refund and mailed a damn check and it took forever.

Go to the cashiers office in the back of the financial aid office in Rollins and ask them to process it. Me and all my friends got our refund emails yesterday and got refunds today but doing so.

My account went to zero today and I got the email, hopefully my deposit is in the morning, but I did walk over to Rollins today so maybe that helped

Did you go in person or talk to them at all? Ik some people went and talked to them and it hit 0 because of that

Just got off the phone with Finance Dept - They gave me that 14 days spiel. Took me over 20 minutes to get to someone.

Hopefully we get it by the evening today

I just got the email of how much I’m earning it. It says that it should be here within five days but usually it comes before then so look alive. Folks money is coming.

You need to go in that means there is a issue. Or call and see what the hold up is. All loans got disbursed the 15th

Please reach out to them. Mine had the same issue and they are dragging their feet. They had to escalate it up, which takes another 3 days.

Just got the email my refund was processed. Now it’s the waiting game of when it hits my account.

I wish I could! I’m out of state… I wonder if we can call….. I bet they’d get a million calls if so…

Did you get your refund?

I did too so I think that’s why I got the email as well

I did not go in person. I tried calling without much success.

I didn't get the spiel, just the 'watch for your negative to become 0'.

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

no same my grants are in but my loans still didn't get disbursed so it might take another day or two

Okay cool, I might try calling later tomorrow to see but I'm sure I wont have much luck either

Just got my $0 balance. There’s hope!

Funny FA always told me that they don't do the disbursements part, that it is another office.

How did graduation go? I am really curious to hear how the graduation ceremony went. For those who were there, how was the speech and response? How was the combined ceremony (all the colleges)? Congratulations graduates!

Tbh it was seriously disorganized, they had them go by colleges as expected but not in alphabetical order at all, a couple of the name readers butchered some names, and most graduates left after their name was called. Tbh not really the graduates fault since they didn’t have a practice or anything. I went to the Longwood graduation last year and it was way more organized, knew exactly when they would call my sisters name unlike here. During the speech about 30 people stood in silence with their back to him with pride flags held high. Also his speech sucked anyways.

It was disorganized, there was no rehearsal and the announcers messed up with some name pronounciations. I was one of the grads that left early after being called up, I feel bad about leaving but eh

so..are these panties or am I just a stupid guy who doesn't know women's clothing?

I know that exact corner lol.

Congrats you won the game.

It’s like the sisterhood of the traveling pants, I think this means it’s your turn to wear em.

they seem to be imo

Are you missing your drawers?

All of my panties are accounted for.

Here is a post of an article that analyzes the Allyn Walker's controversy at ODU from a child sexual abuse prevention perspective. The article is written by Elizabeth Letourneau, a researcher in the prevention of child sexual abuse, and Luke Malone, an award-winning journalist about sex offending.

They call it ethical CP. It is artist rendered, CG, and/or photoshops of real kids, as well as edited images depicting crimes against kids. They also want photos of real adults with lifelike dolls. They discuss it on their own website. Another resource is prostasia dot info. A whistle blower and former employee goes into great detail, very objectively, provides links and evidence of each statement against the org. From there, it's a whole rabbit whole. Use incognito window if you don't want veiled cp ads from google.

Profess did public appearance and interview with an organization that promotes decriminalization of child porn and abolishing Megan's law. Students and victims got mad. Apologists ignore this and try to salvage professor's career.

In order to address the controversy, one needs to start with the one thing that was controversial. The media choice. I don't care if the just said they like kittens. The second they connected ODU to an organization like that, they were in the wrong. It doesn't have to be malicious. It begs a lot of questions about their judgment. Child predation is not an area where one can afford to be reckless, misstep, or less careful. Regardless of what the professor's intent was, prostasia will go on to quote and twist the professor's words in their efforts. It's already started. That is the controversy. I understand that a buncha folks jumped on the usual bandwagons and articles like this are trying to recover from it. Where has the professor denounced the org and stated the don't support prostasia's mission? If they have, cool. I would just like that addressed first.

Does Prostasia want to legalize child pornography? Are you talking about real child pornography or fictional cartoons (e.g: Simpsons) ?? I would like to see a link where Prostasia says that they want to do that. Please, provide source.

Literally how do I make friends I’m a sophomore, and I didn’t make any friends last year per like COVID and having all online classes but now I’m so lonely and I literally just want a friend as pathetic as that sounds lmao. What should I do as a super awkward person who hates large crowds:)

Join a club relevant to your interests, they should all be restarting soon.

i’m willing to be friends!

I'm a transfer junior, first year here so I know the feeling haha, but looking for friends as well

Just talk to anyone tbh? I'm usually shy but I've found that talking to my roommates, people I've met at events, etc has helped. I'm a freshman though so my way may not be as effective 😂

i want to be friends! i don’t go to odu but i do go to tcc so im around the area!

We can be friends. I’m a senior and haven’t made many friends this year. I do online as well.

You seem like such a sweet person! :)

i transferred last year too! i still havent found any friends:/

Bruh I sat down at the same table as my roommate one time and now he has openly told me I was weird for that and now I have a fear to even talk to anyone lmao

He's the weird one lmao

Yeah but it’s just kind of subliminal in my head now lol

Meal Exchange Menu for Fall 2020

r any of these for the block plan?

How does the meal plan work?

Not entirely sure i think you would have to talk to the odu dining page

Only the All Access Plan has meal exchanges. Block plans have meal swipes for all the school dining halls plus flex points, which can be used at all these locations for the whole menu.

What plan do you have

actually i just emailed and the all access plan is not the only plan with meal exchanges. I have the weekly 10 and I have 5 meal exchanges and i can go the same places as the all access.

I got the weekly 21

You get 21 meals a week and 5 of those are meal exchanges. You can use the exchanges at any of thr listed restaurants and the regular meals at broderick, ms ruby cafe, rodgers, etc.

Old Dominion to hold remote classes in first 2 weeks of spring due to COVID

Wonder how this will work with my lab class...

Great. Just about to pay for classes/dorm and they drop this on us? Betting they’re just make all of the classes online...

"There will be an exception for a limited number of courses and labs that require in-person hours. Faculty will reach out to students in those programs."

Depends on the lab class you're taking.

What makes you think they'll keep classes online? They've lost a lot of the revenue they'd normally get from housing and parking, no doubt.

I'm the guy who sits on his electric skateboard and rides it across campus AMA in the title AMA

Why do u do this

Im not on campus but I can respect that.

What brand is the board? I’m thinking about getting one

Do you get together with unicycle guy very often?

If you see someone on a blacked out lime that's me

Sometimes I just don't want to walk :(

A Black Hawk electric :))

idk you might soon :))

I love you both

no I haven't seen that guy

I did once, carry on soldier

I don't but I wouldn't mind that

I love you guys too :))

Tomorrow is the last day to request an absentee ballot for the March 3rd Democratic Primary. Attending college or university outside of your home residence in Virginia is the #1 reason for voting absentee!! Click the link here, it takes less than 5 minutes.

But why would I want to do that

NCAA Tournament! Beat Purdue!

Woo hoo!! Thursday can't come soon enough!

My aunts favorite team is Perdue and I’m a new monarch in the fall , go ODU , sorry Aunt Gloria !! Lol

I'm so pumped!

ODU alum and Astros star pitcher, Justin Verlander is one game away from winning his first World Series

ODU professor wants President Trump to stop citing, misquoting his research

ODU gets largest donation in school history — $35 million — for new art museum [x-post /r/norfolk]

Old Dominion Researchers Are Part of First North Pole Expedition in 10 Years

I don't get it.

There is a facebook page for ODU memes. And they are all shitty and done by people who don't really understand all the memes.

Nah some of them are pretty decent

If anyone needs any mental health therapy, I have some openings! Hello! Just opened my own practice and have immediate telehealth availability. Please reach out if you or anyone you know might need some help!

ODU Global Class Format Change Hello fellow students, For the ODU Global students if you havent seen the email starting fall 2026 all ODU Global classes will be Asynchronous 8 week classes. However it says the classes wont just be compressed version. How do yall feel about this change?

Feels terrible I have to take language classes how the hell am I going to learn a language in 8 weeks! Luckily I’ll finish my calculus class this semester because that would be nightmare fuel to try and achieve in 8 weeks.

I've already started shopping other universities and have meetings.

Faculty here (not really anonymously, to be honest, but who cares), and I want to address that “not compressed” claim from that email. On the one hand, I can speak for myself and say that I certainly approach 8-week courses differently in terms of what is feasible in that time period. However, I teach in a discipline (Media Studies) where there isn’t really “necessary” skills or outcomes, and where the issue is simply the quantity of work as opposed to complex or difficult concepts/theories to wrap your head around. For disciplines where there are things you HAVE to know, and where there are foundational courses that serve as pre-requisites, they can’t remove content or change learning outcomes. And while there are best practices floating around that suggest relying more on quizzes and low-stakes assignments, there are some learning outcomes that are not served by those forms of evaluation (which don’t serve all students to begin with in the case of tests/quizzes). So faculty are in a difficult place of knowing what a course needs to be in terms of learning, and realizing what is actually possible in an 8-week format. There’s also the simple truth that federal credit hour requirements dictate that for every credit hour, there is at least two hours of work per week outside of the classroom. This means that by that standard, you are meant to be spending 9 hours a week on each course you’re taking, and that means 18 hours a week in an accelerated format. While we might reassess how that time is spent, we are ultimately compressing two weeks’ worth of time into one, no matter what that email claims. We want to try to make this as humane as possible, but there is a limit to what kinds of changes we can make before we aren’t actually teaching you anything at all.

I think it's hilarious they're claiming they asked for our input and we were all onboard with this because I surely wasn't notified or asked anything about it prior to the email. I think it might be a decent option for core classes and even then it's not an ideal fit for many people to do expedited learning. To me, it feels like rushing through the semester so ODU can pocket more money. If it's such a great concept I'm wondering why on campus only students aren't being forced into this format as well. I know for myself, I work full time and do online classes for flexibility with my schedule and that's already a stretch at times for synchronous classes. I'm waiting on internship placement and learning how to benefit students by fine tuning instructional strategies and lesson planning for a majority of the classes I have left and I personally feel it's doing a disservice to students for me to rush through this content. I'm also wondering how this impacts internships because they're supposed to be at least 14 weeks for mine. I just foresee myself struggling to keep up with school and work having assignments due every other day and not having time to really study and comprehend the material I'm learning. If I wasn't getting tuition assistance I'd be immediately searching elsewhere.

I literally hate it

I’m in the MET online program, I am in track to take the second part of senior design in fall 2026. I’m curious how this new change will affect that class. I feel like they’re trying to compete with schools like WGU and whatnot. I’m sure some classes are fine in an 8 week formate but some are going to be very interesting under the new schedule.

It sucks. I feel like ODU has been going downhill very quickly. This, on top of the sudden ‘mandatory comprehensive fees,’ is making me seriously consider looking elsewhere for school

naaah coz im alreqdy struggling now.. all my class are async. im full time student and i have full time job.. thats probably the same for many.. 8 week classes means we need to spend more hours to study than we are doing now.. idk this is ridiculous

It made my decision on applying for grad school much easier. I'm not going to. No way I want to do 600 level literature classes that compressed.

I like 8-week classes for lower division classes. I also wouldn’t mind if they drop the workload. However, that kind of speed is not for everyone, especially those of us who already are working and have extracurricular activities outside of going to school. We use online programs because of the flexibility it provides and the cost effectiveness of not having to go the campus.

Can they do this because there's no oversight from the (dismantled) Department of Education, now?

I am unfortunately going to bite the bullet on this since I'll be on my final two semesters. I haven't been able to find anything talking about the web based/zoom scheduled conference classes being reduced to 8 weeks. They fall under ODUGlobal, but are not asynchronous. Anyone have any insights on these?

I registered for Spring classes today and one of my online STEM classes is going to be this shorten version. It was listed as only 20 Jan - 10 Mar, so just 7 weeks.

You can't. I did an 8 week course at ASU (they have the accelerated courses) for Italian. Unless you lived, breathed, and dreamed in Italian there was no way to pass.

18hours per week per class is crazy if you have a full course load.They should just stuck with some being 16 and some not like it's been. I hope it all goes well 😭 thanks for the insight!

As a student and a future educator I really appreciate you sharing your perspective on this. It's really well worded and insightful and it makes me feel better to a degree that the faculty actually is trying to help support students in spite of this being pushed on all of us by admin.

Past ODU faculty here (got out this AY)... Are they giving faculty any supports to develop pedagogically toward the 8-week format? I cannot imagine trying to get through my topic area in that period of time (which is also humanities) and I have no clue how I'd do it, other than just not including things. I feel like it is already hard to capture all the important stuff in a full semester and I still end up cutting things out.

The first time I heard about the new schedule was here on Reddit. No one from odu informed me. I then heard about it again weeks later from an advisor meeting and even then I was told it was mentioned and being discussed but it wasn’t certain. Then a week or so later the email came out so I guess it’s definite now. I heard a lot of people, both students and staff, were against it but it was coming from the top down so they didn’t have a say either way.

To be clear: you’re right about this not being forced for on campus courses, but it IS being forced on campus students, insofar as the vast majority take one or more online courses every semester.

I share your sentiments. I am also in my final semester, just need an internship to graduate. I crammed 3 classes into the summer and my GPA suffered for it.

I'm also in the MET program. While I'm not to final design yet I was wondering as well on how the final project layout will be.

But the mandatory comprehensive fees were already baked into the tuition? Now its 'separate' but still applies to online students in VA (as for in-state tuition), which honestly it shouldn't. As a 100% online student, I barely use any ODU student facilities/activities. Only time I go to campus is for in person test proctoring, however I hate going up there as I used to have a testing center 10 minutes away. (Higher Education Center in Virginia Beach and Tri-Cities Higher Education Center in Portsmouth no longer provide proctoring services since mid Summer semester). I believe ODU is doing this to get more students to be on campus and get more money from dorms and meal swipes which are enforced.

So, if you’re currently a full-time student (I’m presuming either 12 or 15 credit hours), here’s the thing: in their mind, and on a technical level, you won’t be spending more time. A student currently taking four classes a semester is expected to be completing 9 hours of work per class, or roughly 36 hours for the 16-week semester. And if you were to complete two courses in each 8-week session within a given semester (fall, spring, summer), your workload would remain the same - 18 hours per course, thus 36 hours per week. Their view is that this is actually easier for some students, since they are only juggling two courses at a time. And that may be true for some people, including some who are concerned about this change. But the problem is that with everything happening twice as fast, you have less breathing room if your balance of school/work/life has to change at a given point. “Catching up” in an 8-week course is extremely challenging, and creates so much less leeway for those of you trying to complete degrees while in the workforce. I am deeply skeptical of the administration’s position that one size can fit all, and that people need to just “give it a try,” but I do think that there are enough hypothetical benefits for certain learners that I will at least state their overly optimistic read on the outcomes here. Whether it works for you, I can’t say, but provided you ensure you are only ever taking two courses in a given session, the actual workload should not be “larger.” It just might weigh more, something I wish they would address more honestly.

Well unfortunately I guess it's not a question now as they are doing this. An email was sent out yesterday or the day before.

Nope - this is fully par for the course in higher ed. Not saying that it’s right, but lots of other programs operate this way because they perceive it as more marketable.

I don’t think that has anything to do with it.

I wish I had better news: synchronous courses are dead.

That's the thing tho ALL odu global classes will be made into asynchronous to my knowledge.

For the record, the administration’s position is that for the purposes of financial aid, they are not able to offer separate 16-week and 8-week programs. Does this necessarily make sense given that we currently do this? No. But when I asked the President about why it had to be all or nothing, it was presented as a logistical impossibility. And you’re right about the 18 hours - their position is that if you were taking four classes at 16 weeks, it would technically be the same weekly workload as two 8-week courses at a time. But this ignores the fact that assignments being spaced out gives you more breathing room to catch up if you fall behind. There’s no universe where that works for everyone, and I completely understand those in the comments both concerned and exploring options elsewhere.

Short answer: yes. But as always, it’s an impossible task. Instructional designers have too much work on their plate as it is, and this particular task reveals the fundamental problem that they are not subject area experts, and thus can only offer best practices for a generic idea of what a class is designed to accomplish. They’re going to do everything they can to help faculty, but at a certain level the task we’re being asked to take on is just not feasible, and I fear that those best practices could lead some faculty to (understandably) concede to a weakening or thinning of their objectives. It’s less a distrust of the designers, and more the circumstances they are in. (They are also relying on external contractors to actually make the changes in Canvas, and my trust of someone with no investment in the long-term life of a class in this case is below zero). I’ve attended one of the three training sessions they are currently offering on a weekly basis, and plan to attend the others where I can. But I don’t think what comes out of a generic idea of how online classes work can actually address the challenge faculty are facing within specific disciplines.

I heard about it here as well and was telling my mom about it (she works at ODU not in a teaching capacity or admin role) and she was like um wouldn't advisor or someone say something before implementing this? I think that they probably aren't forcing this on campus students because they make more of a profit with them buying things on campus and of course for student housing. It feels like a money grab and almost like a punishment to me and I can't imagine how the professors are feeling. I don't think it's fair to them either. I might feel differently if it was posed as you can choose to take these expedited courses if you're interested or do a regular 16 week course if that better meets your needs.

I definitely misspoke with that phrasing I meant strictly on campus students not the ones that do online as well that was an oversight on my part. I think I'm just generally mad at ODU because I'm an out of state strictly online student and I feel like it's crazy to not actually ask students or faculty's opinions before hard launching this.

I usually do part time because I tried it with full time once and I felt so overwhelmed and anxious I'm really not sure what I'm gonna do with this new plan because on the one hand I'd love to finish my degree faster after being in college for ages, but on the other I've worked really hard to maintain my GPA and pace myself so that my mental health doesn't suffer.

Not sure if you’re able to say for sure but has any one spoken against this? It feels like this is randomly thrown on current attending students. I don’t see how that is fair in the slightest and not to just complain all the way through this but for people that are starting to take higher level maths, sciences, etc how would this ever work? Even if you do well in pre reqs learning doesn’t stop there.

Yeah, I know what you meant, and please: don’t feel like I’m telling you not to be mad. Be mad! Just noting that I would actually be shocked if more than 5% of campus students are actually “strictly on campus.” Which you wouldn’t know being out of state, obviously. No harm done.

The faculty senate passed a resolution earlier in the month requesting the administration slow implementation to allow for faculty consultation, but they have defined this as an operational decision, thus bypassing faculty governance. Those are fancy ways of saying that while there has certainly been some concerns expressed, which the administration is very aware of, I would not expect any of this to stop the train, as it were. This is definitely happening. I certainly suggest students attend open forums and make their voice heard (there are threads here on the Subreddit covering all that), but the President has made clear he believes this is necessary to address the enrollment challenges ahead. The consequences of that ultimately fall on him (which he has acknowledged).

Oh no I didn't take it that way at all! I totally appreciate you pointing that out I'm not trying to discredit anyone. I think both are difficult I'm just frustrated that the option is being taken away. I've pretty much always done mostly online, but there was a time I did both so I definitely wasn't thinking about how it came across. I think we can all agree this decision sucks, regardless.

Fast-Forward Digital Transformation - Student and Faculty Feedback Help! Hey everyone! We know this FFDTI thing has been a big concern for a plethora of ODU students and faculty for a wide variety of reasons. The Mace and Crown, ODU's student run publication, is actively working on researching the ins and outs of these changes. We'd love to directly get your opinions and feedback regarding these changes and how they'll impact you. We aim to serve as a megaphone for the student body by putting these opinions out there. Please feel free to shoot this account a DM or to email us at the following emails: [editorinchief@maceandcrown.com](mailto:editorinchief@maceandcrown.com) [news@maceandcrown.com](mailto:news@maceandcrown.com) [socialmedia@maceandcrown.com](mailto:socialmedia@maceandcrown.com) You can also reach out through Instagram or our other socials. Your voice matters and deserves to be heard.

It’s made me extremely upset honestly. I’m a working student and have to balance full time employment with part time school. The 16 week semesters ensure I can live life to a normal standard while in school. Doing 8 week semesters doubles my workload within the semester and will prevent that balance. I specifically chose ODU because it did not force those 8 week semesters on online students. Since Covid, a good many other schools have tooled up online programs and they are not doing this change. If they change the program to 8 weeks, I’m leaving

Going to drop here. I work full-time as a SpEd Teacher's Aide, and I also have ADHD. When I worked for Starbucks, I attended Arizona State University Online. They did the 8-week courses, also called Accelerated Courses. It was hell on Earth. There was an assignment due every other day. Never time to breathe. I got accommodations, and they felt useless. If I used them to extend my due dates, I would fall behind in my work. 8-week courses Do Not help anyone. Most Baristas hated it but tolerated it because it was free. Having anything happen, like a bad illness or accident, would leave you with a failed course. At ODU, I'm paying for the 16-week courses. If it changes, I'm leaving. I have already picked out and started my applications for those Universities.

Imagine if they were Textbooks

Samuel Gedon Has anybody here taken any of his math classes? I don’t know if it’s just me but it almost feels like he’s trying to fail everyone in his class. We recently did a test where a majority of the class failed (college algebra) Something else to note is that his rate my professor is awful, 19 of 21 of his reviews were 1 star. Please tell me your experiences.

I had him last semester and he was by far the worst teacher/professor I’ve ever had. His lectures are incredibly fast paced so all I’m doing is worried about copying down notes and I’m not actually learning anything. His grading is extremely strict on test and quizzes. Like no partial credit whatsoever. I never got higher than a C on any of the tests. I barely scraped by with a B in that class. I’m in pre-calculus (different professor of course) right now with a 95% if that proves anything. I think he might be great for people who already excel in math but for being an entry level college course, his expectations are a little high.

the entire ODU math department is insane. I recommend taking math classes at TCC

He fucking sucked. I had him last year for precalc and the class average was like never above 55%. He would be irritated to the point of making the students leave class if they were eating food or drinking out of a paper cup and the straw was squeaking, which wouldn't be so bad but it was right after activity hours on t/r and a lot of people usually had stuff from lunch. He was also 20 minutes late for our final and didn't allow us to make up that time. I may be a little biased because I failed and made it up that summer but he wasn't a great guy in general. He just was always mad for some reason or another. If you need to take more math classes like precalc, try Wesley Davis or Heather Kunkel for (life science) calculus, they're great and actually try to help you understand the information. Fair warning, Kunkel is Scottish but once you learn to understand her accent, it's great. Idk if she does regular calc too tho. And if you need Stat, Blum is good too, but it's almost like being back in high school with her.

I had him freshman year and I got a b. Honestly, he wasn’t so bad but maybe that’s because I had taken the class the semester prior and failed so I had a little bit of background knowledge (Not much, hence why I failed). One thing that I did like was that he had notes for you to printout and it was helpful. Definitley an awkward man and can come off as condescending but he isn’t the worst professor I’ve had. If math isn’t your strong suit anyway, utilize the tutoring center and also some math classes have small labs with a TA where you can ask questions. Just Whatever you do, NEVER take Jeanette Shaw or George Chackman. They take the cake.

I didn’t take him but I am in college algebra right now and I would recommend taking Professor Flanagan if you have to retake. She’s a nice professor and we always go through notes together.

Honestly I don’t think he’s *bad* but I’ve definitely learned more from the tutoring center than his class

Please look into taking math classes at TCC or Paul d camp if you can. I had to drop a math class this semester and enroll in Tidewater community college for it because it was just insane.

I has him last semester for college algebra and I passed with an A. I was already comfortable with most of the material prior to the class though so that might make a difference. he was funny in a sarcastic way to me.

Oh yeah, this is exactly my problem too. He also just doesn’t even post completed notes either. Like why not? I get wanted your students to write notes but sometimes shit comes up and I can’t make it, I shouldn’t have to beg a friend for some NOTES. Did you ever feel like his tests were unusually more difficult than what the study guides or aleks made us practice?

Second Wesley Davis! I’m taking his pre-calc right now and can say he’s such an improvement from Gedon

Yeah I relate to this so hard, he always seems to be so pressed about something. The time management sucks too, like for one exam we get 45 minutes. Idk if you had this issue as well but it feels like he doesn’t even put the stuff we did or studied for on the exam.

I’m glad you had a decent experience with him, it’s good to know it’s not all doom and gloom.

ok so update: i passed the class, thank you to the tutoring center ♥️

You must’ve gotten lucky. He had a massive crash out after the last exam and went on a rant about how tictok rots our brains and that everyone in the class has an attention equal to that of a nat lmao.

Omg yes! I would study the online questions and his study guides for hours and I still never did better than like a 79 on the tests. It was so defeating! Like I truly believed I understood everything and then on test days he would throw curve ball after curve ball

His tests are unusually hard compared to the study guide and pearson assignments from what I’m witnessing (I’m in his pre-calc class)

Davis is really good. Professor Lee Land is phenomenal. She’s the best math professor I’ve ever had

Oh he definitely doesn't, and half the time he didn't finish notes for my class. Like he'd say we finish it later and he either posted a half ass video (I think like just once) or say he'd do it another class and just never touch on it again. I also hated his little phrases, like I know someone else said they liked his sarcasm if you can call it that but he almost seemed to try to talk like the "youth" but it would come out like a really bad big bang theory style joke and mixed with never learning made me want to skip so bad half the classes. He also never gave extra credit or curved, and with failing a whole class, I'm surprised nothing seemed to happen to him

bro she (lee land) is the absolute worst professor i’ve ever had in my life i hope i never see her face again

Really? What’s your take on her? So far I’ve had her and she’s been nothing but receptive. I’m online so my experience might be different than in person

had her in person for calc 1 she was never receptive to questions would get defensive and just belittle us my first day of class with her she literally said if there was a school shooting in the VAB we’d die bc there wasn’t an easy escape route she was just so rude and i literally was one point off from a C+ meaning i had to retake the class

Damn. That’s a shift from what I’ve experienced. The entire class I’ve had with her has been really streamlined. I have had half a dozen or more zoom sessions with her and we’ve had some pretty cheery conversations about math and engineering and coding etc. She’s been really cordial and every question I’ve had she’s been responsive within 12 or so hours by email. That’s kinda shocking to hear

pretty sure i took the online pre calc with her and it was fine but calc 1 was a nightmare glad it’s going well for you

Did you take the Calc 1 online? Or in person? I’m taking precalc 1 with her online. Going to take 2 in the fall and then calc next spring.

calc 1 in person the second time i took it i had shaw and i think she was a better professor much nicer

Unfortunate

As an undergrad on a cold January day, I moved on 43rd in a run down sketchy shack that has since been torn down. The place had a matching rundown detached garage that I investigated when I moved in. I found, underneath a wide shelf, a large open wooden box with a hat inside. It looked like those Eastern European winter hats, a ushanka. I always wanted one of them. I felt so lucky. I quickly pulled the box from under the shelf and grabbed the furry hat. Yup. That was a curled up possum like the one in the pic. When I grabbed it, I felt surprised to feel muscles and bones so I knew it was some critter. I screamed and ran back inside where my roommates were also moving in. One of them said as I ran inside, Did you hear that girl scream? (I’m a grown ass man with a rich baritone voice.)

Thank you for your honesty lol

Shame you wasted all that time typing that on a shit post like this

Happens Sometimes

When you save material science 201 for last

Or when you're 30 starting college for the first time!

Kinda wish I had

Haven't experienced this but maybe some of you have

Never Again

NEVAR FORGET

Students welcome! The National Society of Leadership and Success is hosting a live speaker broadcast and all active students are welcome to attend.

ODU Computer Science Labs be like

Spring Refund Has anyone gotten their refund yet? I was really hoping I would see it in my account by now (Monday)

Me standing in the parking lot tomorrow morning as the financial aid workers pull up to work: 🤨

At the very least, they could’ve sent out an email stating a delay in refund disbursements instead of having us in the dark

I wanna know how many students are gonna call the Financial Aid office today. I would assume a lot.

I got a hold of someone in the Office of Finance. She pointed her to finger at Financial Aid. She told me that typically refunds are processed sooner. Of course she could not tell me when to expect the refund to my account, but "assured that it would be withing the 14 day window." I asked about if their office could reach out to academics since classes have started and most student use their financial aid overage to buy books and supplies. She said "they had no way of doing that." I am gonna be 2 assignments behind in each class by the time I get my hands my textbooks. Eh. So I have to email each prof and hope they buy my sad story about refund? This is seriously f-ed up.

Frankly, I trying to figure out why they can't tell us a better time frame than within 14 days. If they are having a problem that is preventing the processing of it--they need to disclose that. Otherwise, it comes off as a lack of giving a f about it.

Nope. I need my books ODU 🤧🤧 I refuse to pay for them out of pocket.

just want to say I’m so glad we are all getting our refund and I pray that 2024 will continue to work in our favor 🤞🏾🩷.

Still nothing. Must be a disbursement issue because this has never happened in my 4 years .

Currently in my final semester and I’ll echo the statements of a few others. This is the latest I’ve ever waited. Usually the refund hits the week of disbursement or the following Monday morning. I’m assuming the fin aid office had too much champagne on New Year’s Eve followed by too much vodka on New Year’s Day lol.

Just got off the phone with someone at aid office and they said everyone’s account is still sitting at a negative balance and refunds should start processing “soon”. A continuous run around only to be told we should buy our supplies out of pocket first if it’s going to affect classes. This is ridiculous

I sent out an email about the refund Jan 3rd and this morning I just got an email back saying “Thank you for contacting us. Your email has been received by the Office of Finance email tuition@odu.edu for student billing and payment inquiries. I'm sorry we have reached an extremely heavy email volume period at the start of the spring semester and apologize for the delay. You are currently enrolled in eRefund with the Saved Payment Method "My checking account xxxxxx". As of this communication, the refund has not been issued. We're forwarding your email to the Cashier's Office for review.

Called the Office of Finance this time and they said refunds haven't been processed. At least mine hasn't. The rep told me that they are processing slower this year and are trying to adhere to the "within 14 calendar days of disbursement" standard they have been telling us. The rep did say calendar days and not business days. What's interesting is that the final calendar day coincides with the last day to add/drop classes. I wonder if they are trying to process everything all at once. Instead of processing refunds and then having to process refunds or charges again depending on whether a student drops or adds a class. I know a lot of us have been calling different offices to find out information. I just wanted to do my part lol.

Wow quick update , they just processed mine. Y’all check yours ! I sent them all an email, I was not playing .

Well, it looks like we all received the email about our refunds being processed. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone. I appreciate everyone that helped or just provided their opinions. I also appreciate the conversations I had on this thread. With this being my last semester at ODU, I just wanted to say good luck to all of you. I hope you all have a fantastic year and that you NEVER HAVE TO DEAL WITH THIS AGAIN. Also, I hope everyone kills it in the future.

It's crazy they are making us wait like this.

No refund either. Based on previous semesters, had expected it in my account last Thursday. Called Friday and was told that they're getting to it sometime this week and after that, it could take up to 14 business days. Do I expect it to take that long? Absolutely not but this is also ODU so who the hell knows? My wife is looking for a job and would happily run circles around the people in FA because clearly, someone or multiple people are slacking! If you don't want to allow students to utilize their FA to order books from the bookstore and have it come out of the FA before it pays for tuition, fine, but don't hold up student's refunds weeks after school starts.

Got a hold of some one today they not helpful at all she keep saying 2 weeks and I told her I needed the money for books she said 2 weeks

I’m so glad I found this thread, I made a Reddit just to join this conversation. Literally everyone is telling me “14 business days” like excuse me ? I usually get my refund before classes started, I was definitely expecting it to come last Friday or even Monday .

Refund status showing on my account. I hope you guys accounts are seeing action as well.

Y'ALL!!! CHECK YOUR ACCOUNTS! I sent an email about an hour ago to all the bigwigs in the Finance Dept. and my refund just got processed.

nope. i got the disbursement email but no refund yet

I did notice that today is the deadline to pay tuition. Maybe they are waiting till end of day to send it or tomorrow morning after due date?

I just saw another comment on another posting stating the system that processes e-refunds has been messed up and that's why ut hasn't been sent out, but they stated, it should be fixed at 3.

Movement!!!! Finally!!!! No more negative balance!!! Refunds are getting processed

FINALLY HAVE A ZERO BALANCE!!!

Refund credit just posted....GO CHECK YOUR ACCOUNTS

Just received my email… FINALLY 🥹

For those that haven’t received an email yet, me either.

Nothing for me yet either. Hopefully we get the email about the refunds being processed today.

Here's hoping we do.

Nope not at all. Thought it might hit today because I needed to buy a few things for class but 🫠

I haven’t either! This is insane!!!!! Something has to be going on.

Hopefully today is the day 🥲

Still no refund here :(

MY BALANCE WENT TO 0!!!!! And under account activity it said refund was made 1/10

Refund just posted....GO CHECK ACCOUNTS

I still have not received it yet either. This is my first semester and stressing a bit, is this normal? Classes have now started, and I was hoping it would have arrived already to get my textbooks.

Update they did proceed the refund go check everyone

Just got my refund email!

Anyone else not processed yet or no change?

Get ‘em! 😬 If they want to delay it, fine but at least send out a freaking message to communicate what the hell is going on.

There’s no way they can’t send an announcement 💀💀💀

I agree, This is beyond insane that no information has been sent out.

I agree! This is the latest I’ve ever waited as well!

I was told "I assure you it is processing"! They need to pick a line and stick to it. I am not sure of the logic that students that are receiving financial aid have a couple hundred dollars sitting around right after the holiday season to buy books. So I am guessing someone dropped the ball big or they are having issues causing an inability to be able to process refunds.

you’d think they’d recognize that if we could buy supplies out of pocket to begin with, then we likely wouldn’t need to be calling about this… and yet.

If they could at least just give us a more specific time frame I wouldn't be as upset but not knowing is getting me very anxious and stressed

“Soon” but yet none refund to be seen

The one I spoke to said the refunds were processed since the Jan 2 but to allow for 14 days to see it. But if you have direct deposit, it might show up 1-2 days after that 14 day period 🙄

Did you check I just saw it they already processed the refund today

Accused of AI when did not use AI… Hey y’all, I am so stressed out, I got an email from my professor saying I used AI for a paper I did not use AI on. I mean, it was a 1000 word paper for a FILM. He said turnitin detected it was 47% AI, which I don’t see how. It was a critical analysis for a film and we had to apply some of the topics we learned in class. I emailed him back saying I didn’t use AI and that once I got him from work I will share my google doc with him, and i even provided him with one screenshot of my notes taken from the class and offered a meeting via zoom with him so he can ask me questions about my process with writing the paper… I am a very hands on studier- meaning I like to take notes and write everything because it helps me comprehend everything. Thank god at least, and i also did short timelapse of me working on my paper because it keeps me off my phone and I like looking back at them… This really sucks. I worked so hard this semester just for it to be determined AI by another AI? AI detectors are so hit or miss.I’m literally going to create a case as soon as I get home from work and even contact the dean because I didn’t work as hard as I did for Turnitin to say it’s AI? What should I- Or shouldn’t do??

Just show him the history of the Google docs and you'll love. AI detection is still absolutely shit right now.

AI detection at this point in time is a complete joke. Chances are, a man made paper will show up as partially AI regardless how long it took you to write it. Same goes for actual AI papers right now. If I run an AI paper through another AI to change it up a bit, it’ll give a similar AI percentage as a self written paper.

Please make sure you bring it up with Department leadership. Even if you didn't use an AI for making the paper, it is unacceptable to throw accusations around like that. It creates a hostile environment and puts undue stress on you when you're trying to focus on your studies and trying to have a life outside of school. Leadership needs to be aware, you likely aren't the only one.

I would suggest to check Netus AI detector and bypasser

I am going to share the doc but because i wrote it in one sitting it is just showing up as one edit… But I really didn’t use AI… I feel like if I did it would be more than 47% ???

Yep, I put my paper through a few AI dectectors and got different readings. Between 35-56%… seems like such a big difference. I’m bummed because I worked my ass off this semester, and for my professor to question my work beacuse of an imperfect AI detecting my work as AI… I’m hoping he hears me out…

You’ll be fine. Most professors here aren’t used to the expanding technology at our disposal and unequivocally trust in the new programs introduced by the university. They seem to think that since AI detection has been implemented into Canvas that it must be true. There isn’t enough evidence to say that you falsified the paper, your professor probably just wants you to be honest. I wouldn’t worry about it.

Thank you for your words, it’s been on my mind all day. i provided him a screenshot of my ipad notes I thankfully wrote for my paper and showed him other notes that i have written for papers in other classes to show i did indeed put the effort in, - and always have. even provided a link from turnitin that says that theyre ai detectors isn’t always accurate. He even CCed my advisor which makes me nervous, but I am sure I will be fine.

Just for laughs, find some of your prof's papers and run them through an AI detector. His department chair might find the results interesting.

Free Puss in Boots 2 The Last Wish showing TOMORROW at 5:35-8:00pm (link to RSVP below👇)

Hey everyone. The long awaited Puss in Boots: The Last Wish movie night is now officially happening! Details above! If your interested make sure to sign up below because there's limited seating 👇 https://cglink.me/2cN/r2057049

My GF's Professor Died So the University Changed Her Degree Requirements She was 2 classes away from completion and now has 7 additional classes. She's exhausted and frankly demoralized. They didn't hire a new professor. This can't be normal. Can anyone give some insight on who to talk to in order to have this addressed?

Dean of Students maybe. I'm kinda skipping over the department chair and dean of the college the department belongs to, but you could try talking to them first to get some more information on what's going on before going to the dean of students

If true, then It sounds like the issue is there is no prof who is qualified to do a specific concentration so they are saying she has to pick a different concentration. But this sounds not correct to me or at least worth double checking. Did she talk to academic advisor in the department (as in is a prof in the department not a staff person) or a general staff advisor for the college? I find the general ones often don’t really know the details of specific programs. Good luck

I'm assuming there is some misunderstanding here. It is not possible to just change degree requirements of that scale without approval by many people all the way up to the state level. As mentioned before they probably are not able to offer those two classes at this time and she is assuming or has been told she needs to switch. This is not required. The department chair has the ability to accept a limited number of changes to a course of study and still offer the same degree. This sounds exactly like a time when this should be used and they will probably be given wide latitude to make changes. As much as it doesn't feel like it sometimes, ODU does have a policy of putting students first when issues like this come up. Happy to answer dm if you want to give specifics and I can try to help.

Thank you! I appreciate you!

She talked to an advisor. The advisor she spoke too was apparently a professor and said this was normal. Yes. It was her Shakespeare professor who passed. So there was no immediate professor to replace him. Instead they restructured the program instead of trying to find a replacement. Basically she has 122 credits for a 120 credit program, because she has the old course credits that are apparently invalid for the degree requirement. She’s an English major with sociology minor I think. Thank you for the assistance!

I’ll have her reach out to you directly. She’s also Reddit user. Maybe she can explain it better. She currently has satisfied 122 credits of her 120 credit program. Thank you.

Am I too old for college at 29? I have a half way done transfer associates at TCC that I screwed up because I had no business going straight out of highschool. I like the idea of finishing a degree program, but I'm not sure what to major in or see myself using the degree. I'm close to pushing 30 in a few months, and I'm wondering if the college thing ship has sailed for me.

Nah you good.

I went back at 29, I'm 32 now hoping to graduate next year. It maybe an adjustment for you the 1st semester but the momentum builds up.

You’re good! I’ll be 35 when I graduate next year!

Never! 30 isn’t even old dude, think about if you live till 70 you still gotta do 30 years again and then some! Your life has truly just began! :) GO FOR IT!!

I’m a 48 year old sophomore. You’ll be just fine.

52 and taking one class at a time at ODU while working full time.

Nope, never to old. I’m in the same boat. I feel I get more out of it now that I’m older.

Go for it. I went back at 27 and it was one of the best choices I’ve made. Plenty of classmates that were much older than me too. The school has resources to guide you if you’re not sure about your major.

I'm 40 and just started taking classes online last year, go for it!

I graduated at 40

It may feel weird to be the “old dude” sitting in the back of the class like I was in philosophy 101, but you’re never too old. For context I was 36 sitting in the back of the class :)

I started at 32 and will graduate next month. I'll be 38 in April.

Nahh I'm 26 and it feels like just yesterday I was a traditionally aged college student. I do recommend getting a better grasp on what you should major in and how you're going to use it in your career before going into debt. It's a big investment in time and money.

You’re okay my mom went back to college at 32 for a nursing degree (that she never used but still) there’s a lot of students your age :) promise. Your education comes first and being thirty shouldn’t stop you from pursuing that!

I'm 33, so no.

Absolutely not. Go for it!

im 24 which isnt super up there but still older than the “norm” and my closest classmate/friends range from 28-46 :)!!

ODU especially has a lot of older students bc of the military.

I am in my 30s and just now getting my masters! I don’t regret going back to college at a non traditional age because I know what I want to do more. I say if it is something you truly want to do in your heart then go for it. I know people who are successful with and without college. So yeah, college isn’t for everyone and that is okay too! One thing to keep in mind is that this is YOUR journey. We all do things at different life stages and that is totally okay. Forgive yourself for what you did in the past. Good luck! If you stick to it, I think you would enjoy college.

Your age is no problem, but it’s not a good idea to take on loans if you don’t have a career plan for your degree. Any ideas for a major at all??

Advising Rant I don’t think anything can really be done but I just want to complain. I made an appointment with my advisor for today to have my hold lifted. We were supposed to meet at 11:30. I’m a commuter. I live at the VB oceanfront. I am only available to come up here on Wednesday’s because I work full time. I drove out here, payed the meter and everything. My advisor isn’t here. He isn’t responding to my emails or anything. So now I’ve wasted my time and money for an advising appointment that easily could have been done online. I’ve been waiting here for 45 minutes in case he shows up but it’s not looking hopeful. I’m just pissed that I wasted my time and money because this man couldn’t communicate with me. UPDATE: He just responded saying he needs to move it to 3:15. Why couldn’t you tell me that BEFORE 11:30 when I drove 22 miles out here!!!!!!

My advising appointments have always been zoom meetings, but they look like live meetings in the auto-generated email. You might want to look into that.

I haven’t had an advising appt in 3 semesters. Are you sure they’re even required

Dang that sucks, I only commute from Portsmouth and this would make me mad being stood up like this I feel like some of those in academia don’t understand how their students can have real lives outside of college

I'm waiting to hear back from my advisor. I didn't request a meeting. I treated it like we've been doing it for the past 2 years to see what he says.

The graphic design department puts a hold on our account until we meet with an advisor. No clue why

Meanwhile I simply sent my schedule to my history advisor and got my hold lifted in like 20 minutes

They just want us design students to suffer huh

should I report my roommate for drug use? Long story short, I moved into one of the college apartments with 3 other roommates about a week ago and today I packed all my stuff and moved back home (it's just a 40 min drive so I will be commuting to school from now on). My other two roommates are fine, it's just this one roommate who always smokes weed and has the apartment smelling like shit. He leaves his shit everywhere and never cleans up after himself. He always invites a shit bunch of people over and they yell and scream and play loud ass music with the bass all the way up and I just said fuck it and moved out cuz I'm not dealing with this shit. My question is this: I already signed the contract for the apartment, and in the housing portal they said under certain circumstances, you can cancel your contract and they refund your money. I saw in the contract that not controlling noise levels are a violation and that marijuana, tobacco, and any other drugs are prohibited on campus and serious consequences will be made. He had a big ass party last Thursday and I woke up Friday morning to see the whole living room trashed and apart from cigarettes, weed, and alcohol everywhere, I also found some empty syringes on the table which the guy threw away immediately when he woke up. This is another reason why I left today, because I'm concerned for my safety and idk wtf they're on. All I know is that im outta there for good, all I care about is getting my money back or atleast canceling the contract. I wonder if I should mention the noise and/or the drugs to make my argument more convincible. Any thoughts? Sorry this is kind of a rant, but I didn't know who to ask.

If it were just weed and booze I'd say leave it be, but syringes bump it up a whole nother level. As long as you've tried to talk to them first, get your money back, it's not cheap the live on campus.

Yea might as well if you decided to move out. May get your money back or a new dorm

If you live in a university owned apartment I would report him and possibly email the residence hall director about being moved to another place. They can be very accommodating when it comes to things like that.

As someone who use to burn in the dorm, I see both sides. Have you confronted them about cleaning and the music/guest. I always believe to confront the person before going to authorities. If you have and they havent changed, then yes, do it. Thats a lack of respect. They can easily smoke outside. Me personally i wouldnt want anyone to get in trouble, or possibly expelled, however you paid and have the right to be at peace

Weed is legal in VA, it’s like saying “he was smoking cigarettes inside” technically. I would mention everything but it until they won’t give you your money back. And say you didn’t really want to get him in trouble or some shit.

Yeah I see your point. To be honest, I'm kinda scared to talk to him. He doesn't exactly have the "friendliest" demeanor. I've talked to my other roommates about it, and they said that they don't smoke and that it does bother them but "it is what it is" and they "tolerate it". So if they're scared to talk to him then I am too, and my Mom was striving against me talking to him about it, as she doesn't want me making enemies there or "get on his bad side". What bothers me the most is the noise(and it's everyday) and I mentioned the drug problem just to make my argument more convincing, (but also I genuinely am concerned for my safety after finding those syringes)

Weed isn't legal on campus because it's still federally illegal and ODU receives federal money.

wait... syringes? I thought you was talking about weed. Report the fuck outta them. Doing heroin in college is a huge red flag. Like bigger than the confederate flag that use to fly in fredrickberg off 95. Report and dont bring it up to him. I thought you was talking about weed.

You need to grow up and confront your room mate about this. You have no idea how they’ll respond. But instead you decided to pack your stuff up and leave. I know this is harsh to hear but this is real life, I’ve had shitty roommates, and you’re going to have to confront them, because no one is coming to save you. That’s lesson 1. But, syringes does change things. Weed and alcohol and partying are one thing, syringes and possible opioid use? I’d ask what the fuck they are doing, what it is, and if it’s an opioid I’d explain that I’d tell management if you see it again, you’ll report him so they’ll have to break the lease. In no way should YOU be the one leaving. They should.

Let’s be clear. It’s not allowed on campus because it’s a private business and it can make it’s own rules. It’s only illegal the moment they inform federal authorities about it. Virginia doesn’t care.

I think they can still go to Whitehurst beach since the edge of it isn’t considered campus

I totally get your point. I've talked about this with other people and some have mentioned he's the one who should leave, not me. And while I completely agree, my other two roommates are scared to talk to him, so it is not very likely he will listen to me. And again, considering the drugs this guy does and his overall demeanor, I don't want to become his enemy. I get him kicked out and I continue living there, well now he knows where I live and where I stay and that's not a risk I'm willing to take. I completely understand your point, and if he was a nicer person I would confront him but he is not, therefore I don't feel comfortable. These aren't just bad habits that I don't like, these are actual legit safety concerns and therefore I'm taking it more seriously. I appreciate your input tho

It is specifically banned on campus because of the federal gov. They don't have to inform for them to lose funding, all it takes is one whistle-blower.

Completely understand your stance. I also understand that not every is confrontational like me. The best option in your case is to immediately inform management and get a refund, and move out. Good luck! Edit: I just hate people being shoe horned or forced into a bad scenario (you), it’s lightway bullying. But again I’m just getting riled up 😂.

You'll make a good case with Housing if all three of you go to them at the same time. This is not something like leaving dishes in the sink or a personality conflict; it's something clearly against university rules and the law that reduces your ability to enjoy the room you rented. If you're that concerned about your safety, get a restraining order.

Yeah… that’s what I said. But, the thought that a guy smoking on campus would get them to loose federal funding is… laughable.

That's not what you said at all, and it's clear you don't understand federal funding. It's not one person smoking that loses funding its having a permissive environment; which is why it is officially illegal on campus.

Bro just stop at that point your right but at the same time your completely wrong. Grow up my guy, this is two years old but I had to say something insufferable people like you need to know it.

What court would I appear under should I violate these rules?

ODU launching first four-year Manufacturing Engineering Technology Degree in Virginia

Please don't waste student's time..sheesh.

Any ODU students or faculty/staff want to join me and a friend in some evening kayak/paddle boarding? July 10 around 5pm. It’s $5! We need 2 more people to register in order for it to happen. (Must be with ODU)

Maybe! What are yalls ages?

Dang, I'm most likely going to still be out of town. OAP is great, I've done many of their trips in the past.

Are you still looking for someone else?

Late 30s females.

That’s too bad, but the program does seem really nice, looking forward to utilizing it this year!

They have spots for up to 9 people, so we have room for several more people, they require a minimum of 4 to sign up to even have the event.

Do I need to have a kayak/paddle?

Well hey I’m mid 30s female, if theres 1 more single person I could go! But if you get a duo ill be fine not going!

Please do! At the very least, you can go rent camping gear from them and plan your own trips, although it's best to go on a guided trip first if it's something you're new to.

No, everything is provided (kayak, paddle, board, life jackets), you just have to wear sandals or water shoes (no flip flops)

Oh, no, you can come! They have spots for up to 9, so there’s space for 7 more! We just need a minimum of 2 more people for them to do the event.

Thanks! We ended up with enough people and did the guided kayak tour. The guides were awesome and gave us a tour of the OAP and all they had to offer. I’ve already been back to rent paddle boards. I’ve got my own camping gear (actually in a tent right now) but I’ll e looking out for more events and ways to use it. It’s a great resource for students.

Sounds great. I’m in!

Awesome, I'm so glad to hear that. They always hire great people, and the permanent staff there are super friendly and knowledgeable. I'm really glad it exists, too, I was there all the time when I was around.

Great! One you register, they say they’ll send more info a couple days before the paddle. We’ll see you there!

One of the pages said we’ll have to attend a pre-event brief a week before the event or my spot will be given up. Is that really the case? I still didn’t get any more communication than the receipt of signing up

I have no idea. I’m assuming/hoping it’ll be on zoom if anything.

Hey, they just sent an email out today about it. There’s just a form to print and fill out and bring.

Thanks, got the email. Looking forward to it!

ODU campus to fully reopen Fall 2021

I’ll believe it when I see it happen.

Really hope this is successful. Online classes are garbage.

Gonna be a drag having to be in my in person class at 9AM though, not gonna lie

To all the folks who wondered what the 2nd floor of the cafe looked like, here it is.

That's really cool! I remember when that was supposed to be additional seating. Thanks for sharing!

Odu alum and star pitcher, Justin Verlander wins his first world series

And apparently he's getting married this weekend to fucking Kate Upton. http://people.com/style/kate-upton-marries-justin-verlander-this-weekend/

what a life

Yay no classes ! Old Dominion University to close campus this weekend due to impending snow storm

They must think the storm will be pretty bad. They won't even cancel classes when there are multiple tornados surrounding campus.

You students today have it way too easy! When I went to ODU, we had to walk to school 7 days per week, uphill, both ways, in all four seasons, barefoot,...

Ain't no damn hills here

ODU on ESPN

Our offense is amazing, but our defense is garbage. We won't do any good in the next conference letting up 40+ points a game. It's basically who can score the most when we play, which worked for the most part in this conference. It wont work forever.

This makes me sad.

It was a great season. I'm proud of all we've accomplished in such a short time. Heinicke Heinicke Heinicke WHOO!!!

I don't appreciate this -_-

and that's why are recruiting class is heavily defensive. watch for true freshman starting at linebacker, corner, and defensive tackle

Agreed. It really put a damper on me studying.

I felt when it came to the pass defense odu was pretty decent.

Did you see the Coastal Carolina game?

Yea I was there, I meant more of during the season. They had a good amount of interceptions.

ODU Football to play at North Carolina and UMD in 2013.

In simplest terms: HOLY SHIT!

How good is Academics and Food? Hello! So i'm trying to decide between many schools and wanted to know how good the academics and food are as well as dorms as well. I applied a few days ago, so not sure if ill get into things such as the honors college (4.517, 1510), but how overall is the experience?

I’ll say I absolutely feel in love with Norfolk and I grew love economics more while studying at ODU. Del Vecchios right across from campus is the best pizza spot in the city and I know I went around town trying to find the best pizza place in the city. As far as academics my experience differs because I went there for grad school but I’m in a PhD now and the best professors I had were at ODU. If you love mid size cities with the ammenties of a big city without the pace and bustle you’ll love exploring the town and its history. ODU gets a lot of flack and I’m going to be honest it wasn’t a top school for me but it was in retrospect the best decision I made.

U will get into the honors college, dont worry. The honors dorms (ur own bedroom) are nice. The mess hall is fine, nothing to rave about but not bad. If u get the all u can eat meal plan (required for freshmen living on campus), u get 5 “meal exchanges” a week, where u can go to any of the actual restaurants in the Webb center to get a meal. It is good portions too, especially if you go to Qdoba or Panda Express

I had low hopes coming into this school but honestly I'm glad I didn't go to my dream school (JMU). ODU is my home. I love the atmosphere and area a lot down here in Norfolk. The food is not bad in the dining hall, it does the trick, but you will absolutely take advantage of the meal exchanges as other say Lots of places like Subway, Panera, Chick fil A, Panda Express, etc. The academics in my major are great, I've been given some amazing opportunities so far but it may differ depending on your major. Our engineering program is one of the better ones, I've heard. My dorm is nice and clean and I haven't had any problems yet as well!

I can’t say anything on food but the academics also depend on the major you’d like. As far as the CS degree goes (my major) I’ll say it’s decent

I have kids at Tech, Radford and ODU. Food is 100% better than Radford. Lots of exchange for a fast food restaurants that Tech doesn’t have. But downside is, there is 5x the crime at ODU. We had a bike stolen first week. Theft is common, gun violence is rampant.

Aero/Mech Enginnering

That’s if they accept my application before the honors college deadline 🥲

Yeah i'm currently between UVA/VT/some other schools/ and ODU if I get in and get good aid. Like UVA/VT are better academic wise but the cost.... I'm going to tour UVA and VT within 2 weeks so I might tour ODU if I have time.

That sounds nice, thanks for the advice!

That’s nice’

Why u not go to ur dream school

Mec/Aero Enginnering

Aero/Mech Enginnering

What about academics overall?

Not true. The crime is not x5 at ODU and gun violence is not rampant. That's a flat out lie! Gun violence on University campuses is not just an ODU thing it happens all over the country. ODU was one of few schools in the country that's ever had a shooting on campus and don't even get me started at shootings that have happened at Virginia tech or UVA or VCU!

Yeah I hope you like it. I’m not going to pretend it’s the best school but I fell in love with it.

Farther away. I grew up in VB. JMU is not my atmosphere I realized anyway. I liked the band here more too.

Because JMU is a party school and this person probably wanted a serious education and actually do something with their life. A lot of JMU grads work at Taco Bell.

I hear engineering is pretty solid here. Although I’m not one to say on the matter. Just what I’ve overheard

ODU is a R1 level University. Read this: https://www.odu.edu/r1#:~:text=Research%20Powerhouse%20by%20the%20Sea,place%20to%20do%20impactful%20work. Universities with r1 status is a big deal and it puts ODU in the upper percentile of universities in the state because of it. I'm an ODU alum. I graduated a long time ago. I got a job out of college immediately built my career now I work in cybersecurity. I'm a tech lead for a DOD contractor. I make over six figures. Some of the most prestigious companies from all over the country come to ODU to recruit students. I remember when I graduated several three-letter agencies were there trying to recruit students. ODU's r1 status is what attracts prestigious employers to want to hire ODU grads. What they won't tell you is Virginia tech has really poor career management programs for students. They just believe their name Virginia tech is enough for students to be successful. A lot of major employees around the Hampton roads area, Northern Virginia and DC Love ODU grads. Why? Many of the executives that run the corporations are ODU grads or their kids went to ODU. The last time I was in DC just walking around with my fiance I saw a lot of silver and blue ODU attire when I was there.

Well, VCU is kind of an outlier, the campus stretches from one end of Richmond to the other and includes a massive hospital system. And definitely 20 something years ago Virginia Tech had a terrible incident. But, this information is available publicly. Like you could look up and compare between Radford and Old Dominion without any sort of credentials. I’m not saying it’s a bad school, it’s just certainly not as safe as many other schools in our state. My niece is at Longwood and nobody locks their bikes up there, our bike was stolen in the first few days at Old Dominion WITH a lock and an AirTag. And since September, there have been 3 gun incidences, one at the gym, one in a dorm and one outside the dining hall. It’s not like it’s on some far end of campus, it’s where people live and go.

That sounds good. Ill have to see when I get in + offer to know if I go. Hopefully my offer comes in soon :(

I hope so. How long normally? Ive seen 2-4 weeks, 1-5 days, and many others. Been around 4 days.

Thank you! I'll make sure to look into it and if I have any questions i'll let you know!

Yeah I do agree with you, like I heard ODU has research first year and that can make it better then scores like VT. Thanks for the insight!

So that's what this is about a stolen bike now the university's bad because of it? Everybody's mad at ODU for making that big move with EVMS and attempt to attract higher profile students to the campus. I heard other alumnus from other schools on Capitol Hill that was trying to Make it so the merger would not happen between ODU and EVMS. Now ODU has a huge medical system with sentara.

That’s not what I’m saying and I think you know that, or else maybe we can answer OPs question about the actual academics because it seems like reading comprehension and critical thinking skills are lacking.

Yeah i'm worried cause 4+ weeks is past April 15th :(

I already answered the OPs question. I'm just over here correcting somebody who doesn't know anything other than what 13 news reports about ODU.

Yes I did FAFSA in December Heard from everywhere except FSU

ODU, GMU, or VCU Hey guys, I'm a senior in HS going into engineering (mechanical or electrical not fully sure yet) in college. My admissions right now are looking like these schools might be my best options and I wanted to know if you guys had any input on the best one. Every source I've read has had varying reviews on both the strength of their engineering programs and their social life so I'm curious what you guys think. ODU I've heard specifically is a commuter school where it's hard to make friends.

ODU used to be a commuter school but has made a huge investment in its on-campus life over the past 20 years including adding dorms, student services, research capabilities, etc. Some students do still commute. Some students do complete online courses and degrees. But if you want a residential student experience, you can get that at ODU. If you opt for a residential experience, some students do treat it like a party school and get very little out of their courses or investment, but many take it extremely seriously. If you want to take your degree and your preparation seriously, making friends with likeminded people will allow you to have the experience you want. College is a resource rich environment but no one will make you do anything, so you need to be self-motivated and responsible to get the most out of it. Good luck with your choice and your future. Going to college is an exciting adventure!

For friends, just look out for events that happen during activity hour (Tues and Thurs from 1230-130) or see if there's a club/group of people doing a hobby you enjoy. Webb Center is generally a good spot to meet people. I'm a psych major but most of my friends are engineering or computer/cyber majors, some of the classes will kick your ass, either cause of content or professors, so definitely use resources at the library if you decide to come here

ODU isnt a communter school. If you're not looking for a serious college experience and you're looking to just to party, get drunk and eventually drop out, ODU isn't for you. FYI, I'm an ODU graduate, not working in cybersecurity, making 6 figures.

VCU and ODU have similar student demographics and I believe GMU has more international. All have good programs but ODU and VCU have more energy on campus than GMU.

No to GMU. But between ODU and VCU it depends your personality and wants. If you want to go to football games and are more fratty - ODU. If you’re more artsy and like city life - VCU. Being from NoVa I personally hated Norfolk, but I like Richmond so it depends on those factors. Engineering is engineering you’ll win at either of those schools. ODU might have a slight edge because of all the Military stuff

GMU is also a commuter school. VCU is not. I would not choose GMU over ODU unless I lived in nova and same for ODU over GMU - only if you live in hampton roads. ODU is a minority majority school. GMU serves a diverse population reflective of nova. VCU is the most traditional college experience. VCU and ODU are urban and GMU is in the suburbs but a metro ride away from DC. DC >> Richmond >> Norfolk, but Norfolk has a beach. I would encourage you to visit all 3. They’re all about the same academically so choose based on campus feel.

Don’t go gmu never heard anything good about it from people I know who went there

ODU is definitely not a commuter school anymore (it did used to be). However, GMU definitely IS a commuter school. If you want to make friends/go to parties/attend sporting events, I would definitely pick one of the other two. VCU isn't a commuter school, but it is an urban campus so it won't have that traditional campus feel that ODU has. It also doesn't have a football team. ODU isn't very good at football, but the games and tailgates are really fun. ODU also has the most affordable tuition in VA if that is a factor for you. Because the student population at ODU is so diverse, I think most people have a pretty easy time making friends. I did, and I'm pretty shy. I am from Richmond and I chose ODU over VCU because I wanted a real "college experience" with football and a closed off campus, because it was less expensive, and because it always seemed to me growing up that you had to be super artsy to fit in at VCU because it definitely has a reputation of being more of an arts school. Honestly, it's more about the college culture you are looking for! I just wouldn't pick GMU if you're looking for a social life. Lol.

As an ODU graduate, Master’s student and alum, I would like to strongly recommend ODU. I know very little about the other two options, but I will say that Richmond is a cool town if you like city life. If you need help with the ODU bureaucracy or just want to come visit, hit me up. I run a data center on campus.

I’m currently attending ODU as a commuter. I started off on the global campus (all online). I think they do a good job of online classes and in person classes. And even being a commuter, there’s still a sense of community from the on campus life. I heard it’s classified as a research university. I don’t know anything about the other two, but I’d say visit all three and make your pick based on that. I like it.

I would pick VCU over ODU. I came back here after a couple years off and it’s not the same school in the slightest. The only pro is that this is a relatively easy school otherwise we wouldn’t have a 96% acceptance rate and decent retention

ODU all the way. I am a student there now and I have toured GMU before and it was soooo boring. It’s a nice campus but the social life seems sucky. My friend doesn’t seem to really love it. A few friends go to VCU and seem to enjoy it similar to ODU.

When I went to ODU we jokingly called it Overdose University (ODU). Is it still not just a party school?

As someone who grew up in Richmond very close to VCU's campus but went to ODU, I strongly disagree that VCU is the "most traditional college experience." ODU is considered an "urban" campus but it has clear and defined boundaries. VCU's campus is completely integrated into downtown Richmond, it has no lawn or campus feel. When you are walking around, it feels like you're at an arts school, which isn't a bad thing, but it's not "traditional." ODU also has a stronger sports program with a football team.

ODU isn’t a minority majority school. 🤣

What do you like about VCU?

Agreed. I chose ODU over VCU because of the more traditional campus vibe. They're very similar though. Specifically for engineering Id give ODU the edge. For medicine or art, I'd go the other way.

White students make up under half of students. That’s the definition?? ETA: all 3 schools meet the definition but the percentages are different. ODU 45 white / 30 black / 10 hispanic / 5 asian. VCU 45 white / 20 black / 15 asian / 10 hispanic. GMU 35 white / 20 asian / 15 hispanic / 10 black. So definitely a different feel at every school. Every school does have a stomp and shake cheer team though. To compare these look at the national demographics of 60 white 20 hispanic 15 black 5 asian.

As someone in my last semester in an engineering degree at ODU I find those numbers surprising. Maybe the Engineering department skews white? It also feels odd to me that you single out ODU as “majority minority” as if that was a distinguished factor and not the norm for all 3 schools. As you noted; none of the 3 schools have over 50% a single race. 🤷‍♂️

Don't Give Up

Toilet paper We pay how much to attend here, and they can’t keep toilet paper stocked in BAL for us ibs, period having girlies 😭

Yes! It’s been like that for almost two weeks now 🥲

Omg i thought I was the only one experiencing this!! Especially on the second floor because I have had to ask so many people outside of the stall to give me a paper towel to wipe 🤦🏽‍♀️

Yeah! I go on the first floor before class and pray I don’t have to go during class cuz the second floor doesn’t have ANY

And they put up signs stating don’t flush paper towels.. well keep it stocked 😭😂the second floor is the worst with it. Sometimes I walk down to the single restrooms and there’s usually one wit toilet paper left

Looking for someone attending college with a felony As the title says, I’m looking for someone who has a felony and is attending college. I don’t care what you did, just want to interview you and get your answers on certain topics. It’s for a class project and for me to gain experience with interviews and journalism. You will stay anonymous unless you would like for your name to be on the paper. Also, I can’t promise much, but I’ll try to compensate you for your time, we can work something out. Just reply to me in private messages. Apart from that, I’m also looking to interview a felon who just got released, and someone currently incarcerated with a felony. If anyone knows how I can go about interviewing someone that’s still in prison, that’d be a huge help, as well as finding someone or know someone who just got released and would be willing to have a interview. If you know someone, let me know in private messages if that’s cool with you.

Do you need "commission" of a felony? Or do you need "conviction" of a felony?

I have a felony and am a student here at ODU. I don't mind helping with your project, no compensation needed. I'm an online student, though, so we'd have to use Zoom. You might be able to find a formerly incarcerated person and currently incarcerated person to interview on the r/prison subreddit.

Go to your closest construction site, find a white dude that’s a roofer who has lots of tattoos. There’s your felon! As for inside the prison, might want to hit up some of the local church’s that evangelize in the prisons to get info on an inmate who might be willing to have a discussion.

If they are currently incarcerated they shouldn’t be on Reddit lmao wtf

I have a few felony convictions.

I have a felony and am attending college. Feel free to pm me.

I have a DUI. Is that close enough? Or does it have to be a felony charge?

Has to be a felony charge

Has anyone tried ODUs personal training membership? I really want to try and have an active lifestyle, but I have no idea where to start and I’m insecure and don’t t know what to do when I’m at the gym. I figured it’s decently cheap, so I’d try it out, but I’d like some opinions from others.

mysterious direction clumsy quickest gullible safe different squeeze uppity toy *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

I never did personal training but I did take their classes and loved them

I was a personal trainer at ODU for a few years when I was in PT school…I worked mostly with the READY program at the time which was for young adults with developmental delays practicing living in dorms with help from other students. I would say you’re usually getting help from students who are trying to pay for college or looking to do training professionally at some point. As with any service if you don’t like your first trainer you can always switch and find someone who you feel comfortable with, but it can be a very good opportunity to help you feel comfortable in the gym setting. Good luck!

TW: rape/sexual assault ODU has a bit of a reputation with student as a university that does not support survivors of assault. There was apparently a specific Twitter space years ago where students would post about their assault, but I can’t seem to find it now that Twitter is ‘X’. We need a space to share our stories and talk with other survivors… ODU released an official report that only 14 students were raped on campus in all of 2021, 4 in 2020, and 15 in 2019?!?! I know 14 students off the top of my head!! We deserve better y’all. Anyone with experiences or feelings around this topic, post here!!

Tbh the way the said “ONLY 14” is kinda crazy. 14 is an insane amount of rapes for a campus of our size. Not that any amount of rape is good…just that it seems to be a lot.

I was SA’d during my sophomore year and my chem II TA at the time, Rebecca Rich, let me know that I wouldn’t be excused from the class I missed for my rape kit appointment the next morning. She also said any further absences wouldn’t bs excused. Missed 3 labs before i started going out and somewhat being comfortable walking to campus again. My grade dropped to a 60, but I brought it up to a passing grade of 75. Apparently I bombed the final & teacher assessment worth 15% & 10% of my grade, respectively, because I checked leo online and she entered D+ as my final grade. Wasn’t even put into blackboard I just had to see my failure on my transcript.

I agree. However, the national average for sexual assaults on college campuses is 6.1 per 1000 students, which according to many researchers, is actually a significant underestimate. However, ODU has undergraduate enrollment of over 18,000 students, which means that there were probably over 100 sexual assaults on campus each year, and only 10% or so were reported to campus police.

Girl I’m so sorry. Special place in hell for Ms. Becky

How can I resolve an issue with my professor after going to the dean Hey everyone, I'll try to provide as much detail as possible without revealing too much personal information. This issue begins when my professor starts the class. Essentially there's simply to much lab work for the allotted amount of class time. To complete the lab reports we must complete the labs, but as we get closer the end of the semester that's now not feasible. To help us get caught up the professor has asked students to come into the lab during times that were never mentioned at the beggining of the semester. I am busy with work or other classes from 9am to 7pm monday through friday, therefore coming into those extra lab hours isn't a possibility. When I expressed these concerns to him he suggested I drop the class to avoid the failing grade. Essentially I've paid 3 credits worth of tuition for a class that I did not have a chance to succeed in from the start due to the professor mismanaging the available class time. Reaching out to the dean of the college was unsuccesful, as he essentially told me that it's my fault that I cannot make it too lab times that my professor might aswell have plucked out of thin air midway through the semester. I was just curious if there's any further steps i can take to seek some kind of compromise. P.s. The dean had mentioned online students taking this same course have access to a written assignment, but that option isn't available to me. The simple fix seems to just have anyone unable to make it too these previously unscheduled labs do that assignment instead.

Take a W is your only other option. They are going to say it is a time management problem on your end, and they are under no obligation to provide in person students the same work as online, especially in a lab setting outside of reasonable accommodations for students that require them.

Go to student ombudsperson (the office name might have changed). Just keep asking different people (like your academic advisor) until you find that office (also try google). This office is designed to figure out how to resolve conflict between students and their classes. I promise you there is some office at the university who can help (or at least try) for these events.

This sounds like ECE 241 lol

There may be additional details that might need to be considered. For example, have other students been able to complete the labs within the original hours provided? If so, then it implies that there may be issues without how you used the lab hours that were originally given. I'd like to give you the benefit of the doubt, but I do also need to consider the case I describe above. I have my own issues with one of the professors on campus (in that he doesn't use a rubric or a lesson plan, makes up most assignments spontaneously, hasn't shown very high competency in the subject that he's teaching, is very disorganized and loses student assignments, isn't familiar with his own syllabus, and appears to grade assignments and quizzes according to his emotional state rather than if the directions were followed exactly or the answers to questions are correct). I'm hoping that my case is an outlier and that the administration is likely to correct the issue. He is the first professor I've had since I started at ODU that I've had these issues with. I've currently been in contact with his direct supervisor in an attempt to resolve the situation, and haven't brought it higher yet because I'm giving his supervisor an opportunity to implement an adequate resolution. So while you may be in a somewhat similar situation, it would be unfair to not acknowledge that there is additional information to consider.

Im trying to avoid taking that W at all costs. If i do that means I'll have to take the same class with the same professor in another semester. Depending on when that is offered it may end up moving my graduation from this spring to next fall. To let this class and professor fuck me over like that is very frustrating.

https://ww1.odu.edu/life/dean-students/student-outreach

I had considered that scenario myself, bur after asking my peers in other groups its seems the majority were in a similar boat, and those that were not were able to go to the unscheduled lab hours. What I've learned since posting this thread is that the professor in question is the only one able to teach this course. So without him basically every student who needs that credit would be on hold until they can offer the class again. In short he has the school by the balls, and it this point some of my other classes have ended early and hopefully i can pull out a passing grade, if i cannot i have i believe a very solid case for a tuition refund and grade appeal.

I get that, but you don't really have another option, unfortunately. You can try and escalate to the Dean of Students, and maybe they can work something out with your professor.

That sounds unfortunate, not just because it's a bad situation concerning the class, but also because it sounds as if the dean of the college was dismissive of the issue. Have you talked with the other students, in asking them to submit statements about the requirement of additional hours and how it affects their ability to manage time for their other classes and personal lives?

That would truely be a last resort. The email I received from the dean of the college I felt was fairly insulting and Im afraid of that happening again. I feel like pleading to administrstion they'll get the impression that i'm a pissed off student that's too lazy to come into extra available hours to do the labs. Part of why I think the dean of the college responded the way he did. The reality is that I just like many other students here work as much as I can to be able to afford this education. To lose hours at work and/or skip another class to accomadate this professors inability to properly pace his class seems unfair to me and any of my classmates in a similar position. Do you have any suggestions regarding how I can best present my arguement to get some kind of accomdation? Frankly the whole situation is starting to feel like extortion with extra steps. Btw thanks for letting me vent.

https://ww1.odu.edu/life/dean-students

Probably the move if i have too.

Not for nothing, but you are at your last resort. As far as I'm aware, the only accommodations that professors are obligated to follow are the ones from the Office of Educational Accessibility and those types require documentation from a doctor. IMO, your best bet is to lay out a strictly factual email to the Dean of Students office explaining the situation and your previous attempts to remedy it. I wouldn't try to plead your case so much as state your case. That office exists to help students, so they'll at least listen to you. Just be prepared them to say that there is nothing they can do. I know it would suck to take a W, but believe me, that and an extra semester is much better than an F.

For those interested in getting upper division gen ed credit fairly easily and at a fairly low cost Hi, I graduated two years ago. Saw a post on here that made me think that sharing this might help someone. Also this is aimed at somebody who isn't in business school as this is for business course credit. So ODU grants upper division business credit for the marketing and management CLEP exams. They are MGMT 325 and MKTG 311. [https://modernstates.org/](https://modernstates.org/) is a website where you can get free study materials (it's the only thing I used) and also you complete their course to get a free voucher for the CLEP exams which would usually cost $89. I think you can schedule the exam somewhere at ODU (I was online out of state and did it at a community college). The proctoring fee is usually $20-$30 and modern states even has a spot where you can apply for reimbursement of the proctoring fee. I'm also sharing this because these two tests are known to be among the easiest of CLEP exams and would only require two or three weeks of dedicated studying at most. It would possibly be something to do if you have downtime during winter break! I know this saved me some money so I thought I'd share this.

Great advice! Also, you can co-enroll at TCC and get transfer credit, just know that the GPA doesn't transfer (only credits) unless you also register with ODU for the same class, & pay ODU for it, which is a ripoff.

Thanks for this post! I want to point out that there is a test called the DSST that has more upper-level courses you can test out of. I actually took 12 CLEP and DSSTs (and saved an asston of money) and used ModernStates for the CLEPs. The upper divs I tested out of were Marketing (MKTG 311), Management (MGMT 325), Principles of Finance (FIN 323), Business Law (FIN 331), Human Resource Management (MGMT 340), Principles of Supervision (SEPS 302), Ethics in America (POLS 495), and Intro to Educational Psychology (PSYC 3ELE). I did all my upper-division CLEPs/ DSSTs this past summer and I'm graduating with no debt :)

Is is just a pass/fail for the CLEP? How long are the tests typically? Are they multiple choice?

This was exactly what I was looking for/needed. Thank you!

Hi, I am looking to take the FIN 331 CLEP - did you find it hard? How long did you spend looking over the material? I either need to pass the CLEP or the class by the end of year for graduation and I can only get into the class this summer. So I would need to make sure I passed it by the drop period of the summer classes. Appreciate any and all info and advice!

That one was actually a DSST exam- Principles of Finance. https://www.odu.edu/academics/academic-records/score-analysis/clep-dantes#tab140508551023=1&done1612907281342

Honestly I didn't find it hard at all. I studied for like two weeks for that exam using InstantCert and modern states. The only exam I found truly challenging was Principles of Finance.

Awesome! I have heard the two available professors for this are both not ideal so hoping I can just skip them.

No problem! I took Campolongo for Employment Law and heard he teaches Fin 331 too. He was awful.

um...I ate most of my salad too...(yes that's a bug)

As someone who eats there, this bugs me

Um where was this so I can avoid ?

mmm protein

another reason not to get the salad

There was so much hair in my food last time I went lol

Villainous eats my friend

your comment makes me want to grab a fly swatter and hit you with it.

making friends i’m trying really hard to make friends and be more social this year (i’m a freshman), ive made a few friends on my classes facebook and instagram but they’re all making a lot of friends already, I feel like i’m falling behind and lacking socially, ive been going to the campus events but I feel so awkward and can never get past the “what’s ur major?” and “what dorm are you in?” stage. everyone tells me to atleast wait until classes start to get discouraged but i’m struggling with that already, any tips on making friends? edit: thank you everyone for the encouraging words!!

You'll be fine, school hasn't really even started yet. Don't stress about it, just talk to people in classes and be casual, don't look at every conversation as "trying to make you my forever friend " and connections will happen naturally.

Just moved in and am in the same situation!

I completely agree with u/Drpantsgoblin and u/ShadowOps84. Keep attending events during [welcome week](https://www.odu.edu/set/the-monarch-experience#done1612907281342=&tab14014032160771077863696=10) and the student org fair and it will happen. Soon enough you'll look back and say, what was I worried about? Here's the link to the [Student Org Fair](https://odu.campusgroups.com/SET/rsvp_boot?id=1112481) event (previously called Student Involvement Fair).

Clubs and organizations are a great way to make friends. There are dozens of students orgs on campus. There are clubs for movies, photography, anime, robotics, drones, and tons of other stuff. There are fraternities/sororities, if that sort of thing appeals to you. I can guarantee that there's at least one professional organization for whatever your major is. I'm in a professional coed engineering fraternity, and I've made some great friends there. There are campus Democrat and Republican clubs, if you want to be politically active. This doesn't help you right now, but there should be an involvement fair in a couple of weeks. Walk around it and see if there's anything that catches your eye. I promise you'll find something you'll like, and common interests are a great way to make connections.

i’m willing to be ur friend!

student org fair moved to Sept 9th 11:30-1:30 on Kaufman Mall! (the grass in front of the Web)

i’m willing to be friends! i don’t go to odu but i do go to tcc so i’m in the area, message me!

Same for me too it’s my first year and I’m scared that I’m not going to make any friends!

i’m also willing to be your friend!

Is there a club fair by any chance?

ODu still has a drone club?

Thats sweet lol

The Student Org Fair will have all of the clubs and organizations on campus. It'll be on the lawn in front of Webb Center on Thursday, Sept 2.

Cool thank you. I’m a second year grad student so don’t really know anyone here due to last year being all online

VA online Voter Registration back up and EXTENDED thru 11:59 TONIGHT Hi guys, I'm truly sorry I meant to come back and post an update here earlier but the week really got away from me. I'm sure *most* of you will have heard this on the news, but after this - https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/cut-cable-shuts-virginias-online-voter-registration-73588695 - situation happening Tuesday, **the deadline has been extended through midnight tonight.** &nbsp; If this reaches even ONE person who would not have registered in the next couple hours, then YAY. **PLEASE GO HERE - https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/Registration/ - NOW and REGISTER before midnight!** &nbsp; Quoted from the registration website: &nbsp; What are the Requirements to Register Online? &nbsp; Have a valid Virginia DMV driver's license or state ID card. Be a citizen of the United States. Be a resident of Virginia. Be 18 years old on or before the next general election (if you are 17, you can still register and vote in elections if you will be 18 on or before the next general election). Not currently convicted of a felony or judged as mentally incapacitated and disqualified to vote. &nbsp; if anyone out there reading this is **looking for ways to volunteer to get out the vote** (from home, if you like), and feels at a loss for how to find opportunities for this, **feel free to DM me** and I can tell you about some.

With less than a week left before classes start, do you think ODU will move to remote before we start? If I had to place my money on it, ODU will give a “good faith” effort and start in-person like other institutions have across the country that’ve transitioned to remote. I think the institution feels like it owes students, especially incoming students who enrolled with the hope there would be some version of a college experience. A hearty “Well, we tried” and a shrug. But I’m also torn by this paragraph in the Blueprint reopening plan (page 22). This feels like the situation will need to be more serious than the average student is comfortable with things getting. Criteria to be considered for decision-making include, but are not limited to, percentages of positive test results reaching certain levels, exhaustion of designated isolation/quarantine housing capacity, depletion of PPE necessary to keep campus health care and other critical staff safe, multiple outbreaks occurring in a residence hall(s), on- or off-campus virus spread that results in local hospital capacity becoming overwhelmed, multiple virus-related fatalities, and/or other unforeseen factors that create a situation beyond the university’s capacity to respond. Decisions regarding dismissals and shutdowns will be made in consultation with local and state public health officials as necessary. Thoughts?

Before we start? No, I think we will start for sure, but whether or not we go full online by the first 2 weeks (like some have) is really up to us. If everyone does their part, socially distances, wears masks, DOESNT GO TO PARTIES, we should be fine. The precautions are being taken for this. So long as we stick to them, there shouldn't be an issue

As someone who both works on campus and is a student, I would not be surprised if we switch to remote before we start if not shortly after

What's been in the news about other universities over the last 72 hours should be enough of an indication of how it's likely to go.

Yes, precautions are being taken. But considering students and some staff are already not wearing masks where it is mandated, it's not looking good. That's just my perspective as someone who works in one of the higher-traffic buildings on campus.

Agreed, I also am working onsite on campus. Also, with staff getting sick and some leaving, not sure how easy it'll be to manage the chaos.

I said if we did follow those guidelines not when lmao

Is that true? Not a good start. I I'm not moving in until this coming Tuesday so I wouldn't know yet. We will have to see..

I'm betting my money near labor day too. $0.69

Yeah, luckily there aren't too many people here at the moment, but it's really gonna get hard to enforce mask-wearing when there are more people. Also, probably going to be impossible to effectively enforce measures of social distancing. :/

Tuition rate spike Does anyone know what’s up with the price of tuition? It just changed since a few nights ago and tuition is now $630 per credit hour when it was $360 Edit: they fixed the issue

Ummmm..... I hope that’s a glitch? I’m not sure. I sure as hell don’t want to pay that

Since both use the same digits it's probably just a typo somewhere.

Likely a typo. Are you possibly out of state? Also it seems they are hitting us with more "general" fees so thats wonderful.

I saw that last night too. Emailed finaid about it. I'm instate.

I hope so too but seems like my friends all have the same increase

No I’m in state and it shows the increase in the tuition spot when you look at the summary by term. It’s like $7000 something for 12 credits

Thank you for that update. I damn near had a heart attack this morning when I saw that!

Same! I was freaking out for a minute. I just got the email saying it was fixed and Leoonline confirms it.

Who is staying on campus this fall and do you really trust odu? Guys i’m nervous. I don’t know what i should do should i stay home? I am a freshman, but i was originally going to dorm, but it just seems so silly i don’t get how people are okay with dorming. How will covid be handled?!?! with all those people there’s no way!! What do you guys think? I need advice. I would be staying in england (personally i think it’s the best and i don’t want to give it up) or i could stay home but ugh that’s lame. What do you guys think i should do. Yes money is a issue, but in retrospect i’m willing to spend some to gain more. please help me

A few thoughts from an alum who lived on campus and is now the parent of a sophomore who's gearing up to go back and do the same: > ... How will covid be handled?!?! The university has a [50-page plan](https://www.odu.edu/content/dam/odu/admin/blueprint/final-fall-semester-2020-reopening-plan-signed-07062020.docx) that has to be approved by the state before it can re-open. I've read it from cover to cover and think they're doing what they can, but all of this is uncharted water for everyone involved from the top down. As Prussian field marshal Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke said, no plan survives first contact with the enemy, which means not everything is going to go perfectly. Next month they're going to bring a whole lot of people from a whole lot of places onto campus and try to start functioning like a university. COVID-19 cases on campus is a matter of _when_, not _if_. If there's a big enough outbreak or the state drops back to phase 2 or phase 1, there will be a repeat of March, when they told everyone living on campus to pack up and get out. > ...do you really trust odu? Since you're an incoming freshman, let me say welcome to college and congratulations, you're an adult now. College isn't high school, and while the university is going to do what it can to provide a safe environment, you're just as responsible for your own safety as they are. You get to ask if you trust yourself to have the discipline to do everything you can to avoid infection while living in relatively tight quarters with a lot of other people who are young enough to still think they're invincible (been there, done that) and may not have asked themselves the same question. The university can keep a decent amount of control over what happens on campus but has no control over whether on-campus students leave campus for less-controlled environments and bring something back with them or people from off campus bring it in. (Putting on my parent hat...) My daughter is taking exactly one class this semester that can be taught remotely; everything else has a significant, in-person component. We live far enough away that she has to stay down there. She's fortunate enough to have landed a slot at Powhatan, which I think has the best arrangements of all on-campus housing for minimizing exposure risk. I can't watch my kid like a hawk as I did when she was five (nor should I have to at her age). The potential that she could do everything right and end up debilitated or dead or bring the virus home and do one of us in is scary as hell to think about on a level you won't get until you've raised kids. We're just as nervous as you are. > or i could stay home but ugh that’s lame. (Putting on my old guy hat...) I'm old enough to have had grandparents who were alive during the 1918 pandemic and old enough to remember its impacts. My grandfather was sickened badly but survived. They had to make sacrifices, but they got through it. If this thing is to be contained, college is going to lack a lot of what makes it fun until we get a good handle on it. Putting up with some [lameness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKsaWbr3B-0) is one of the sacrifices you'll have to make, and I'm sorry about that because you probably didn't do anything to deserve it. I wouldn't be all that into it if I were in your shoes, either. Things are better on a whole lot of fronts now than they were a century ago. You can get information and entertainment piped straight into your living room, order food to be delivered to your door and attend lectures or socialize with friends without having to be present. When I graduated, people in my field were just starting to think about how to make those things happen and it really wouldn't be practical at scale for another 10-15 years. HTH. No need to get off my lawn if you don't wanna.

even if each dorm room only has one student, the dorms will become a cesspool. kids are just going to hang out in each other's dorm rooms as social hour.

So something like this is really down to pros and cons by you since none of us have gone through this type of decision. There will still be some type of college experience you can gain from moving onto campus and from what i have read so far, they will do the most they can to prevent any type of spread. In my personal opinion, if you have the option to go, then go to get another look at life, but just take all the precautions ODU suggests plus extra. I am moving back to campus because I will be RAing for my 3rd year and see no reason really why not to go. I know what i can do to prevent me from getting it and ima take all those precautions. Once you live “on your own” in college, going home kinda blows.

I can't remember if England is the one where everyone gets their own room. If it is, I'd make an agreement with your roommates to stay in your own rooms unless you are cooking or leaving for class, wear a mask when you leave, and disinfect the place regularly. I don't doubt that odu's taking a lot of extra precautions with every single dorm because of this exact thing. I'm going to be living off campus but that is for an entirely unrelated reason, we were planning on doing this long before covid-19 happened. So long as everybody you are rooming with is in agreement to try to be as safe as possible things should go fine since the school's already doing what they can to stop the spread in the end it comes down to you whether or not you think it's the best choice especially since you said money is an issue. But I think as long as everybody is on the same page with this everyone will be able to get through relatively safely

Thank you for this post, i think you just convinced me to stay home!

England house has 2 people sharing a room with a private bathroom.

Hey, glad it was useful. If you're local and can minimize your exposure, there's no reason not to. Tidewater is rapidly becoming Virginia's big hot spot. Northern Virginia, where I live, went through this earlier and didn't re-open with the rest of the state because of it. Hampton and Norfolk just [received letters from the governor](https://www.13newsnow.com/article/news/local/mycity/hampton/hampton-norfolk-receive-letters-from-gov-northam-requesting-their-plan-to-lower-covid-19-infections/291-7caa0989-6197-4f73-904c-4cbf77c67dc1) asking how they intend to get their outbreaks under control. Norfolk going back to phase 2 will scuttle ODU's re-opening plan, and I put the odds of that happening at better than 50-50. If that is going to happen, I'm hoping it will be before the start of the semester.

On a positive note, your first semester on campus will then hopefully be when campus is fully opened, next year. Why not keep that experience for when you can actually enjoy it. You're not losing something, just delaying it. PS, I'm a senior at ODU, I can answer any questions other than dorm -related ones, as I've lived off-campus the whole time.

That doesn't sound to bad either so long as you are sure to wear masks outside and use hand sanitizer etc. Also i know a lot of schools are requiring a covid test before coming, i'd suggest both roommates take one before coming to make sure

Yeah i believe ODU is doing the same aswell

That sounds like it depends on ur roommate

Wheres your source? I haven't been able to find any real info about fall 2020 movein

My source would be the new updated Housing and Dining agreement that was sent out 21 hours ago. If you choose to live on campus you are required to sign that, for anyone that actually read it like me, there is a section called COVID-19 Addendum, which states, This guidance will evolve as the public health crisis evolves and may include, but is not limited to, social distancing, limitations on mass gatherings, wearing a face covering, **COVID-19 diagnostic and surveillance testing (including before or upon arrival to campus)**, contact tracing, disinfection protocols, limitations on guests into residence halls, and quarantine / isolation requirements (including before or upon arrival to campus).

I'm living off campus so I probably didn't end up getting that

Re: Looking for a D&D Group Howdy y'all, so I made a similar post a few months ago looking for a group of like-minded individuals who would be interested in starting a D&D group with me. When I made that post, however, I expressed that I had no experience in DMing/running the campaign and would be looking for a DM. I NOW HAVE EXPERIENCE! YAY! That being said if anyone would be interested in starting a group with me, hit me up! P.S. I'm an incoming transfer student, so I'll be a junior in the Fall 2019 semester and am also just looking for friends in general lol

I’m also an incoming transfer student who just started to get into DnD. I’d certainly be interested in joining a group.

A lot of groups and one shots go down in our Anime club during the regular year - unfortunately I'm already running 2 games and summer one shots outside of school, so can't DM others. Also try Atlantic Games (2 locations) and Tower of Games (bit of a drive but the best option) for other group locations.

I had to leave due to financial reasons but I still live in the area so I’d be down to play if I still live here in the fall!

I’d be interested too, my friend who I think commented on this as well is interested n we r transfer students

decide late plate pocket squeal kiss intelligent capable coherent cover *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Just a comment. In our Model United Nations Club there’s a sub club for D&D :-) it’s pretty active with an awesome DM

Late to the post, but I’m an incoming transfer student and I’d definitely be interested in joining a group. I’ve recently been getting into D&D and I’d love to try it out

I’m late but I’ve always wanted to get into D&D! If I’m able to, I’d love to spectate if possible so I can see how to do it and maybe play with your forming group. :D

Anyone ever play Talismam?

Late to the game but there is currently a table top club on campus that just started last year. Look up Odu tabletop guild on facebook

All are welcome! And congrats on the transfer :)

Speaking of, I mean I know I have the 3 important 5E dnd books I also have World of Darkness’ Vampire The Masquerade 5th edition as well

Thank you!! Good info :)

Oh HELL yeah brother

Excellent, I'll try to get everyone's discord or something so we can all chat about scheduling and the like before classes start!

I personally have not

Hello r/odu! I am running for Student Body VP! Background info in the comments. Want to get your comments, needs, and wants directly from the ODU Community. AMA!

What product do you use for your hair? Does it last thoroughout the day?

In the past 3 years, the school has had multiple regionally and nationally covered scandals regarding sexist/racist remarks made by students representing ODU, and one fraternity intentionally covered up repeated sexual harassment and assault by one of its members. What would you say is the best solution, if one is necessary, to stopping the problems plaguing Greek life at ODU?

I am a marine veteran that loves the ODU Community. After serving in the marines he went into law enforcement. After deciding to leave that to pursue an education in Nuclear Medicine, he found the ODU student community an amazing place to learn, create and achieve! I have seen the great building blocks here at ODU and want to evolve them to make ODU the best it can be. I want to know what you want, what you see, and what we need as a community. It would be an honor to serve as your VP and be the voice students really can trust. Together, we can build something better. Thank you!

I've seen the work that Luke has done for the SVA. I have no doubt that he will bring that same level of commitment to the SGA, and will fight for the entire ODU community. Vote for Luke!

Vote for Luke, he's willing to listen to student concerns and he's got the experience and the voice to make good and smart changes!

It does last all day!! It’s called Suavecito Pomade. $13 on amazon.

What fraternity was that? Geez

ODU takes a hard stance on any form of sexual harassment and assault. As a former marine, we have classes, at minimum, quarterly to discuss sexual harassment and assault. I am not suggesting that, but many universities are turning to more required in depth education on these topics. The effectiveness is not yet know because these programs are in their early stages. I would like to work with the ODU Women’s Center, Intercultural Relation, ODU PD, and the administration to build a program that can actually help students understand these topics. It would include discussion on alcohol consumption, defining consent, and better process on the administrations behalf to endure those that commit these kind of abhorrent acts be punished. These processes need to move faster. They need unbiased and comprehensive review. Whether that is having outside investigators not affiliated with the university or working with the administration to better the investigation process, Campus safety is one of my top priorities. Tackling the always difficult topic of sexual assault can be trying for anyone, but that can only start with serious questions and dialog. I am committed to finding a way as a community to make it better.

Since you are studying for nuclear medicine will you be able to balance the time between studying, home life, and the position of SVA vice president?

How would you help/resource a way to for fellow SVA or even veterans not part of the SVA when they are having troubles in school, home life, finances, or any other problem that comes to terms to hit a lot of veterans? Why do you feel that you deserve this position? Also what do you feel you can do better than the other canidiates who are running for this position?

Thank you for these kind words! Be sure to engage your community when you can!

An account less than a day old, with no other activity, commenting on this specific school's specific subreddit, on this specific post? Cool. Seems genuine to me.

I like this answer, and I'll be looking forward to seeing it followed through.

That is a great question. I get involved in things I am passionate about. I am passionate about my education. It comes easy to me because I love it so much. It can be a heavy workload sometimes, but I pride myself on time management and priorities. I currently do not have children or am married, so much of my home life is spent here at the ODU campus working on projects to better the community. Most students would agree that Classes come first. I agree with that, but I can take the extra downtime I have and apply it to this great university and it's people. I challenge every student to take just a little downtime and use it to better this community. ODU could only become a more enriched community of amazing cultures, diverse students, and highly respected educators and administrators.

This is a great set of questions. Troubles in school are not restricted to only veterans. ODU has thousands of students that are not your traditional college age. Currently, ODU has a couple programs that can help students in need and mediate between the student and educators. These programs are great, but there needs to be more. We have the resources to build an emergency fund at ODU that is more comprehensive and complete for the student that needs it. ODU provides financial counseling, mental health providers, and much more. The key is getting help before it is too late. I believe in educating the student. Helping them understand where "too late" begins is the most important and could solve many problems before they start. Additionally, everyone is different. Every situation is different. Foreign students, Single parents, Veterans, they all have different challenges. By coming together to understand those challenges we as a community can then begin identifying issues and confronting them yourself or in the case of asking someone if they need help. in turn that will eliminate the stigma of "it's none of my business" because although they may not want to talk about it, your offer of help may be what inspires that person to seek it. Next, I don;t feel like i deserve anything. I would be honored to have this position because I believe I can do a lot of good for the students and greater ODU community. Ultimately, I will continue to work toward my goals regardless if that is as the VP, senator, or any other student. I believe in ODU and their belief in me would be the greatest gift I could receive. Lastly, I am not running a campaign built on what deficiencies the other candidates have or don't have. I know all the candidates want the same thing, to make ODU the best it can be. I am not traditional college age, so the only thing I believe I bring to the table is my life experiences that I can use to achieve that goal. All candidates have experiences they can bring as well, so to answer your question, I don't know. I don't know because, like me, they are not serving the position yet and assessing what someone will be able to do before given the chance is unfair. We are all different, but we are all ODU. That is the important part, win or loss, happy or sad, and in successes and failures. Thank you for the comment and questions, be sure to check out the debate on March 21st to hear more. edit: typo error

Yes. We did share this post across a few platforms. Many people will probably have to sign up to comment. We are hoping it brings more people to the ODU sub and let’s them ask their questions too! I completely understand you skepticism and would probably think the exact same thing if I was in your shoes. Hopefully more people subscribe and are engaged! Thank you for pointing his out!

Please let us know if you have any ideas or comments on how you would like to see the process changed. The smallest or largest, craziest or tamest, it doesn’t matter. I want to be for the students of ODU. I can only do that if I can hear you. Share this to people you know, the more feedback I get the more proof I will have to show when I sit down with all the various people involved.

Yes, sorry that I'm new to Reddit, but I also think I have the right to voice my backing for Luke. Thanks for your comment though!

49% off entire menu (no alcohol) at Handsome Biscuit's Monarch Way location with current ODU student ID through Friday 9/28.

crawl vegetable history pet wide aback employ sparkle possessive rob *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

You're missing out. Their sandwiches are amazing.

This is one of the few places on my buddy and I's "MUST GO" list when we're in town for gameday. These biscuits are amazing.

Its also expensive for what pretty much amounts to half of a sandwhich

Police are asking for help in the search for a missing Old Dominion University student, Matthew S. Choy

He's been found

Admission is Free for VA Zoo for ODU Students

Admission is free for all 757 college students, including TCC, NSU, etc. :)

But especially ODU

Warning for ODU art students! Rate my professor has taken down every single one of the newer negative reviews that my classmates and I have posted, so hopefully some people will get help out of this instead. Do not take color theory with Elizabeth Leeor! She marks students absent if they can't mirror every single thing she does on projects correctly, the supplies were over 300 dollars, about the same as a textbook, but she will use your supplies for students who havent brought theirs, even if you've gotten marked absent for not having yours. You also won't know your grade until the day after you final. For the entire semester.she once spent an entire 2 hours of class dancing with her fvoritenstudent. Pass this on to your art friends so they don't have to suffer like so many of us this semester had to.

Nice try *Professor Maxasaurus* but you won't fool me this time

Different throwaway account, but I did, and i know a classmate of mine has talked to the higher ups in the art department about this teacher.

